Nice place Better than some reviews give it credit for. Overall, the rooms were a bit small but nice. Everything was clean, the view was wonderful and it is very well located (the Prudential Center makes shopping and eating easy and the T is nearby for jaunts out and about the city). Overall, it was a good experience and the staff was quite friendly. 
what a surprise What a surprise the Sheraton was after reading some of the reviews. it would appear there is a massive difference in the rooms, the South tower being the best. Check in was very efficient and the room was lovely, very large with the most comfortable beds ever. The hotel as stated is in a fantastic location and the Wrentham Village outlet is well worth a visit for bargain shopping ( the bus picks up outside). The hotel bar is a little pricey ( not helped by the current dollar rate) but is a nice place to relax after a busy day shopping. There is a number of restaurants close by. A cab from the airport to the hotel can be cheaper than the shuttles depending what time of the day you go. If it is not rush hour it is just under $30. 
Good location       Boston from 17th Floor of Sheraton Hotel 
Find an alternative to the Sheraton We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. I felt like we were staying in a motel. All toiletries apart from sampoo, conditioner and body lotion were not in the room. Even the robe was not there. For the price you pay, you do expect a little more.Cleaning was done at eratic times of the day, ie 3.30pm! The hotel is very busy with conferences and evening parties so there is alot of people around all the time. The lobby is like a train station with the people coming through. We felt that people staying at the Hilton accross the road, used the hotel as a short cut into the shops. 
Barely Tolerable If it were possible to give one and a half stars, I'd rather give that-- the stay wasn't terrible but it wasn't okay either. It was tolerable, and that's about it.I stayed at the Sheraton in Back Bay from November 21-25 for a business conference. For a hotel whose primary purpose is to serve business travelers, I was horrified at the lack of complimentary services and the quality of those that that I was charged for. Wired internet was $9.95 per night and very unreliable-- on the third night of my stay, the automatic prompt for daily payment wouldn't load. After an hour with no luck, I called the front desk only to learn there is no helpdesk within the hotel and I was instead patched through to Sprint. After over 30 minutes on the phone with a rep, I finally had the internet service reactivated, but for me having to go through this hassle was completely unacceptable while away on a business trip. I had three small packages (8, 10, and 13 lbs) shipped to me at the hotel; on my bill at checkout, there was a business center charge for $53. I was told by the front desk that there's work involved when guests receive packages and that the hotel charges a fee based on the weights of packages. I always have packages shipped to me at hotel, and in my numerous, numerous stays at other hotels have NEVER been charged a fee to receive parcels. Again, this is unacceptable for a hotel that claims it's for business travelers.As for my room, I had a spectacular view from the 24th floor in the north tower, but that was really where the postives stopped. My single room (queen bed) was incredibly small. The desk was positioned at the foot of the bed and it was impossible to push the desk chair back all the way out from under the desk to get in and out because it hit the bed! There was barely any clearance between the chair and bed even when the chair was pushed all the way under the desk. The closet doors when opened blocked the bathroom door. TV channels were limited and four out of five nights the satellite signal went out repeatedly while I was watching. Valet parking is absurdly expensive at $41 per night.Overall, the room was liveable but certainly no where near comfortable. The location is great and can't be argued, but there are other hotels in the area (like the Hilton across the street) which may be better choices. I would not stay here again. 
Great Stay!       bath products 
One of the best! October 5 nights.Got the Sheraton on Priceline and went with a certain amount of trepidation having seen the variety of reports.What did we find?A wonderful hotel with wonderful staff, a wonderful breakfast, in a wonderful location. We loved it!We were warmly greeted by Will on reception with the words I've got a nice suite for you on the 16th floor North Tower overlooking the Charles River. Oh yes! - I'll believe it when I see it!.And see it we did, exactly as described. I've lived in flats smaller than the room. King size bed in alcove and large chest of drawers, desk and 3 piece suite with coffee table. Two windows taking up virtually all the exterior wall with a view down to the river and to the Fenway on the left. Nice size bathroom in good condition. Even a small room off the main room with a work surface to house just an ice bucket and the coffee machine.No safe but used the very effecient safety deposit box system in the lobby.Hotel linked to the Prudential Centre so plenty of shops and eating places. Also T stop without going outside.We ate from the buffet breakfast each morning which filled us up until the evening. Staff friendly and helpful especially Sophia.We adopted her!Location is great with trolley tour stop right outside.It could not have been better in anyway at all. Would stay again at the drop of a hat. 
Too Small for Too Much Money The pros of this hotel: relatively convenient to Amtrak Train station; very convenient to the Hynes Convention center T, shopping, and eating; the staff was very friendly; free wi-fi and computers in lobby; Starbucks coffee in room and in lobby; pool and exercise room very nice (complete with sauna and locker rooms)Cons: the rooms are super tiny; our room backed up to an elevator, which was noisy all night, bathrooms are very small as well; our shower had cracked tiles and grout with mold/mildew in it; housekeeping came at random times during the day, so we never knew when they would show up; wired internet is $10/day; pool deck poorly designed and is VERY slippery bordering on a lawsuit waiting to happen.If you're traveling alone and attending a function at the convention center, I would recommend this place. But if you've got more than one person in your room, you should look elsewhere. There were four of us in that tiny space, and it was hard on all of us. We kept hearing the elevators all night. 
Nice lobby, but overall bad experience So there are a mixed bag of reviews for this hotel, I'll add mine based on a stay in Oct 2008. The hotel is connected to the Hynes Convention Center, you can't beat this for convenience. That's the single upside of this property. Now, for problems: old tube TV, turns out it didn't work at all. Maid went to the bathroom in my room, left soiled T.P in the wastebasket. Cost is quite high. Valet parking $46/nite. Wired internet in the rooms: $9.99, and it's slow.Carpets throughout the room areas, both inside the room I stayed in, and generally outside in the hallways were in need of replacement or at least significant cleaning. Room was dingy, old furniture, nicked and chipped up, Workspace for laptop work was stingy - no wrist supports, ethernet cable just barely stretched such that one can recline on the bed and compute. Room was quite small - reservation said king, but when I arrived it was a queen bed jammed in this little room. Bathroom reminded me of high school, same kind of industrial, bowl-less design. Couple more pluses, actually: staff was pretty decent overall, and whoever does their elevator planning deserves an A+ - in spite of being quite busy, never had to wait for more than 10-15 seconds for an elevator at the lobby level. Note I've been mostly staying in BB lately, so it had been a while since I've had to stay in a chain hotel. Never again - no more chain hotels, certainly Sheraton is pushed waaay down on the list now, Motel 6 for them. 
Fantastic choice This is great hotel for Boston visitors. Rooms are clean and updated and the staff is very friendly. The location is unbeatable. It has a T stop attached to the Prudential Center where the hotel is, as well as two other T stops within a few blocks. I would highly recommend the Sheraton in Back Bay 
Tiny tiny tiny6317453979 Booked it for $USD 415/night on the hotel website with an AAA discount. 2 interior hallways down from the Hynes Convention Centre. Free wifi on 1st and 2nd floors. Free access to onsite huge gym with lots of weight machines and treadmills, and massive pool and cozy hot tub. 7 minute run to Charles River. Lots of eateries in adjacent area (Newbury Street, Prudential Mall, etc.). Grocery store (Shaw's) directly across. Closest T stop (Prudential, Green Line) is within connected mall. Great view from 25th floor. Old, dusty and a bit dingy in decor. Small rooms, especially once crib and fridge placed for our baby. Ridiculously tiny bathrooms. Quick elevators. Uninterested frontdesk staff in response to complaints re: significant delay in arrival of requested crib to room. 
Great location, but inattentive to needs I attended a conference at the Hynes Convention Ctr, and decided to stay at the Sheraton, which is actually connected to the convention center - just a short walk from the 2nd flr lobby. Parking was expensive at $41./day, but the surrounding public lots were only a bit cheaper with no in/out priveleges and no valet service. We had a 7 yr old and a 5 mo. old baby, so we requested for an early check-in. We were told at the desk that the room was not ready. The front desk lady did not seem interested in helping, and we were told to just wait. There were no changing tables in the lobby restrooms, so that was a challenge. We were disappointed because she wasn't really helpful and didn't offer any consolation or extra concern because we had a little one. I requested a room in the newly renovated wing, but was told there were none, bec. the hotel was full. We were put in a dark , small, old room in the 19th floor. The beds were ok, but the room was indeed tiny. Not advisable for a family with a baby.The bathroom was small, too. The crib and the fridge we requested arrived eventually.The doormen, and the bellhops were very nice and helpful.What really mattered a lot was the convenience of the hotel's proximity to the Hynes Conv. Ctr. 
Lovely hotel!       our super comfy bed! 
Great location, nice hotel I picked the Sheraton based on the location and availability. I wasn't expecting the hotel to be that nice but we were very happy with the service and accomodations as well as the location. We had a king suite on the 15th floor with a nice view of the city and St Charles River. We could also see Fenway Park. I would recommend that you request a room on the 15th floor or higher and facing the St Charles river. The room was spacious. The decor was just okay as was the bathroom. Its probably time for an upgrade to the decor. We enjoyed the pool, jacuzzi and sauna which weren't crowded at all. We had breakfast twice in the hotel restaurant. Both times we had the breakfast buffet, which is a little on the pricey side ($20) but a better deal than ordering a la carte. Our waitress both times was Sophie who is the sweetest women who gave us bottled water for the road. Overall, the staff was friendly and helpful. The location, Copley Place/Back Bay is excellent. There are many restaurants (recommend Sel De La Terre and Atlantic Fish Co), bars and historical sites in walking distance. The trolley tour we took picked us up right outfront of the hotel. Also, its right next to the Prudential Center and near Copley Place. Really the location can't be beat!! 
Air con bke one night and took two hours to fix. Got the night for free!       Pool 
disgusting (see photos)       bleach anyone? 
Worst Hotel Ever, Please don't stay here! This Sheraton Hotel is the worst of all hotels I have ever been. My husband and I ate breakfast at the buffet downstairs, and we paid the whole bill with a 20% tip. The waiter came to collect the money, and before he even open it, he had the guts to ask us if we gave him any tips! So, i have to say Sheraton is the worst of all hotels, and it is not a 4 star at all, with staff like this. I thought 4 star hotel means they are personal and friendly, but this is exactly opposite to what my experience has been. Please never ever pick this hotel. The staffs in the rooms are unfriendly, and provide the worst service. 
not as bad as some reviews make it out to be stayed in the sheraton boston on vacation from the 16th sept to the 21st sept.hotel is nicely located for getting around the city with a t stop located at the prudential centre which is attached to the hotel.on arrival we were checked in quickly with no problems by very friendly staff,and given complimentary postcards which reception posted free of charge.Room was on the 17th floor of the north tower.bathroom was spacious,room a fine size and we had a great view of cambridge and the massachussetts turnpike and could just see fenway park.Mostly had breakfast in the prudential centre but had breakfast in the hotel restaurant one morning.Like all hotels it was dear enough but you could stock up as often as you wanted with the breakfast buffet for $20.Better options in the prudential centre or nearby try the pour house on newberry street.The free internet access in the lobby was often unavailable with sometimes only 1 out of 6 computers working but that was only a small problem.Staff were obliging and very helpful.Overall,this was a much better hotel than we had been led to believe from previous reviews and we had little or no problems there. 
Hang on to your confirmation I wish I could give 4 stars for the hotel and 2 stars for check-in.We stayed here for one night on 9/18. We had RESERVED a Club Level room through Starwood points (this is a great deal, only 1,000 points more than a regular room).After a rocky dropping off of the car (there were no valets around, so we got the attention of the doorman, then had to deal with the irate suddenly appearing valets because we usurped their tip...ah, it was not pleasant)...on to the inside...checking in and I knew in advance that the North Tower was the Club level, and where we were supposed to be, but the check in clerk assigns us a room in the South Tower...hmmm...I said what a pain, you mean we have to come down in the elevator to the lobby, cross over, then go up to the North Tower for the concierge lounge? He says your room does not have access to the CL, but we can give you it for an extra fee...I said I RESERVED the Club Level, he asked to see my confirmation, I whipped it out...AND HE HAD TO GO IN THE BACK TO CHECK WITH HIS SUPERVISORI felt like I was buying a car! well, Ma'am, I'll go ask my boss if we can swing this monthly payment...he comes back and tap tap tap on the computer and suddenly we were in a CL room that 10 minutes before had been not available. Hors d'oeuvres were great, dessert was great, breakfast was fine (cold Continental)...well worth the 1,000 extra points. I loved sitting there overlooking the Charles...the room was nothing special - it DID have the Ralph Lauren decor as promised, but it's an old hotel built in the 70's or whenever so the rooms aren't HUGE, the bathrooms are SMALL, but the nicely renovated room and the club level were well worth it. 
A hotel designed by accountants This is the second time this year I've stayed at a Sheraton, and the general experience is the same. The hotel feels as though it was designed by accountants. There is no attention to the comfort of those of us who stay here, rather the attention is on the photo-ops and the lobby. Lobby was lovely. Room was pretty bad. Bed was large, but the bedding was uncomfortable and scratchy and the pillows, though plentiful, were hard-as-a-rock horrors. The window didn't open though the view was ok. Curtains didn't close all the way. The bathroom was passable but no better than a cheap motel on the highway. Online access cost $$ and was by 1 ethernet cable - not wireless - so only one of us could go online at a time. Soda machines owned by Pepsi so a pathetic few overpriced choices of overly large pepsi products in hideous plastic bottles, no cans, no other brands. Complimentary USA Today which I really HATE. How about a Boston Globe, folks? Oh, and the decor in the hallways was flat out hideous. Hire a decorator with taste, Sheraton, how's that for a revolutionary idea? The price for this mediocrity was outrageous. Note to self: don't go to Sheratons, they rip you off. 
Room allocation is critical it would seem Stayed here 3 nights in mid September whilst at a conference in the adjoining Hynes Convention Center. The hotel is convenient as it is part of the Prudential Center and thus its a very short inside walk to the convention center. As a result of this (and because of reading some of the reviews here on Trip Advisor regrading the food) we didn't use any of the hotel facilities as the Prudential Center has everything one needs.Room allocation appears to be key. This is borne out reading other reviews. My room was very small with an uncomfortably small bath room. The room suffered from significant plumbing noises. I couldn't decided whether this was something to do with the aircon or it was water rushing through pipes. Whatever there was an obtrusive rushing sound and then a 'bang' when it cut off. Given that the noise generally started about 4:00am ish and continued relentlessly throughout the remainder of the early morning I suspect it was the plumbing, or specifically, the flushing. On the plus side thee bed was very comfortable and everything in the room worked.The walls in this part of the hotel (North Tower - 20th floor) are thin and it was noisy. For example could hear next door flicking the light switches. Others have commented on this. So, judging on my experience alone, I'd not be impressed. However, my colleague down the hall had a much bigger room and none of the aforementioned issues! As a SPG member with a few points to my name I would have expected a better room - a feeling confirmed when it transpired that my colleague and I had inadvertently swapped rooms and I should have been in the bigger one without the plumbing noises. It does make me wonder however whether the 'noisy small' rooms are allocated to those paying the conference rate or whether it was just luck of the draw.Internet was $9.95 + $.50 'telephone tax' for 24 hours and worked fine. They also have free wifi in the lobby so if you just want to check email in the morning/evening you don't have to pay at all.For me the experience was adequate - my colleague would rate it higher. If I had the choice between this hotel and one of equal standard at the same rate I'd try the other. 
Treat the desk clerks nicely I stayed at the sheraton boston for 3 nights at the beggining of the month. I was checking in late, around 8pm and the guy in front of me was arguing with the front desk clerk over not having club access, this is apparently the special top floor of the hotel with included breakfast and snacks as I was to find out later. When I got to the desk I was expecting the worst but was greeted with a smile even after he was just chewed out. The clerk made great small talk and after tipping him a 20 we were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the Club level which had a fantastic view and included access to a continental breakfast and some snacks at night. Im from Las Vegas and I know how far tipping the front desk goes. They have a beautiful swimming pool with a retractable roof and friendly cleaning staff. Even the made who spoke very little english was genuinely friendly and was always smiling. Theres a ton of great shopping within walking distance and great restaurants as well, try Haru for excellent sushi! The concierge staff blew me away with their knowledge of the area and Jerry was more than kind enough to help with any reservations or suggestions. Dont be afraid to walk this city if the weather is nice, you are walking distance from everything and we found ourselves walking from one place to another just exploring the sites until we found ourselves on the other side of town! but if you end up too far away theres always the subway which goes right to the prudential center where the hotel is located. all in all a wonderful stay. 
Love the Sheraton!! But thin walls... I loved this hotel. It was near enough perfect. The staff were very very friendly and did not hesitate to help you with any queries that we had. It was in a perfect location with a trolley stop right outside your front door. The hotel was attached onto a shopping mall which was perfect for having breakfast in the morning. We used to pop into 'Au bon pain' every morning. It is also right next door to a cheesecake factory which is just a lush dining experience. We stayed on the 25th floor and the views were spectacular. The beds were also really comfortable. There was only one slight problem. The walls were very thin so you could hear everything that was going on in your neighbours room, even thier nocturnal activities if you understand what I mean... 
No character but overall worth the money Well positioned hotel (Prudential stop on the subway) - not a lot to recommend it from a character point of view but has excellent facilities - especially the beds that are enormous. Good service and pool and gym area was a bonus. Free internet access in the lobby and a starbucks made it the perfect base to explore Boston from for a few days. 
No compliants for the Sheraton Boston! Great room with a great view! Lovely to gaze out of the window when the city lights are on. Room was cosy, quiet, and spacious. The bed was dreamy indeed! I could have stayed in it and not gone to any of the 3-day conference which I came for. :-)Hotel is connected to Prudential Center, which offers lots of shopping (some not for cheap) and a food court. Browsed around there on some breaks from the conference. The Center has a beautiful courtyard you can go sit outside and read or eat. The Sheraton is within walking distance of restaurants, grocery stores, the T line, and other hotels. We took the T to all the touristy spots like Cheers and Havard. It's also minutes from the Charles River... so if you want to go for a walk on the paved paths, it's not far.The only thing that I didn't get is why the hotel doesn't have more signs on it so you can see it when exiting the T station. No shuttle services to the airport, either, which I also thought was strange. 
Loved it!! Firstly a great hotel.The sheraton was in a perfect location for us, pretty central and pretty close to the airport. Upon arrival we were greated by an amazing lobby, with marble floors and great lighting. The staff were fantastic, very helpful and the checkin was a breeze. We stayed in a standard room, which was fantastic, the room had 2 double beds and was great. I love the colour scheme of the room, and the beds were great!The bathrooms were a different story, there were very dated and were not great, but the room really did make up for the bathroom. The sheets used by the shearton are top notch and soooo comfy. Another handy feature used by this hotel is in room check out which was great. 
Very much Satisfied I should start off by saying I booked this 2 night stay (9/6 to 9/8) through my sister who works for Starwood. This might have had some impact on the room I was given  my experience.Check in/out was quick even though we were early for check in by a few hours.We were on the starwood preferred guests floor. I don't know what that entails. I was in room 2665 which had a king size bed, desk  chair, flat screen tv (32 inches I think), sofa chair w/ foot rest, small ottoman under a full length mirror, and a cushioned bench at the foot of the bed. The mattress was VERY comfortable. The room was clean. It had 2 huge windows (corner room) which had fabulous views of boston.The maid service was good. Replaced all towels  toiletries  tidied up. We used valet parking. It was about $40 a day. They ask that you give 30 minutes notice that you need your car but they will get it to you in about 10 minutes.Internet is $4.50 for 1/2 hour or $9.00 for 24 hours. Doesn't make much sense to me but we went with the 24 hrs.We also had some phone charges when the only thing we called was within the hotel. We probably should have questioned it. It was a couple of bucks.The bathroom was clean. Not the newest but it was pretty nice  clean. The toilet flushed SO loudly. It was almost like an airplane. It woke up my husband one night when I used it in the middle of the night.We ordered room service breakfast one morning. The lady who brought it was very nice  rolled it into the room  set everything up for us. The food wasn't that great though. I had a coupon for 50% off otherwise it would have been very expensive for mediocre food.All in all, I liked the hotel  would stay here again. The negatives I listed didn't affect our stay very much and as my husband says, I am extemely picky  notice everything. 
What a difference a room makes We got a special conference rate ($150) and were first given a disappointing room on the 9th floor in the north tower. It was dark and shabby and smelled of old smoke. It also had 2 double beds and we had booked a king. After waiting on hold for 10 minutes with the front desk, we finally went back downstairs to complain. Finally we were given a room on the top floor (29th) of the south tower. It's a Starwood Preferred Guest floor. Wow! Very nice. New and tasteful carpet and furnishings, and a fabulous view of the Christain Science Plaza fountain through a huge picture window. What an improvement! I'm so glad we didn't settle for the first room. 
Great location, great business hotel - Safe bet       Interior of Prudential Center 
Great room, nice staff, terrible food I stayed at the Boston Sheraton for 4 days while attending a conference on-site there. My room was very clean, pretty, and comfortable. I also found the staff to be very friendly, even confirming my late arrival with a personal email. The hotel food, however, was terrible. Not much better than TV dinners. Also, they could do better to soundproof their rooms as you can hear everyone coming and going when they open and close their room door-- it is very loud. A nice benefit of this hotel is that they have about 10 free computers for use in the lobby. It is very convenient if you need to work or just check email. Also, the setting is nice.Would I stay here again? I would probably stay across the street at the Marriott where I stayed a few months ago -- the rooms there are smaller but there is much better food and much better sound proofing. (Both hotels are connected to the mall and conference centre via an enclosed skyway). 
Nice hotel I stayed at this hotel for a professional conference. As far as conference hotels go, this was definitely one of the nicer places I've stayed in. The staff were nice and courteous and the room was clean. The other nice aspect of the hotel was it's direct connection to a large mall on the second floor. In addition, you could not beat the location. There were several malls and tons of shopping in the area. We were also walking distance from trollies (i.e. subways) and historic tourist sites. While not charming like boutique hotels, it was satisfactory for a large chain. 
Bed bug bites  I've been traveling for the last 8yrs for work and this was by far one of the worst experience. I woke up in the middle of the nite with bug bites all over my body. Not only I had to pack everything and move to a different room, I had to ask this rude staff over and over again for some itch ointment. The staff is very unprofessional and they treat you like as if you're bothering them when you call. I can't believe I'm paying all this money(although my company is paying for it) for this kind of service. I tried to walk over to Hilton, but it's sold out. Also, ask for South tower, I think that's the newly renovated tower. I'm still stuck in this old north tower with worn out carpet and furnitures, but I hope the new rooms are cleaner and don't have any bed bugs. 
Thin walls at the Sheraton We stayed at the Sheraton July 26-30 and for the most part had a good stay. The elevators were super fast when we stayed there. Great location within walking distance to Fenway well really you can walk about anywhere from here and one of the trolley tours stops right across the street from the front of the hotel. However every night we had noisy neighbors. The first night the staff had to come get on to them for being loud partying. The other two nights the couple were doing other things...My husband had to beat on the wall at 4:30 in the morning to get them to be quiet.When I told staff about it the next day they did give me all of my room charges basically free. Still doesn't make up for lost sleep though. So beware of very thin walls here. Otherwise a great trip and can't wait to come back. 
Much Better than expected Given the mixed reviews we were not sure what to expect. I have to say that we had a great time. The hotel is a typically anonymous conference style hotel with a dark and somewhat depressing reception and slow front desk service. Our 2 adjoining rooms on the 19th floor were really good. The beds were comfortable, the views excellent and with all the facilities you would expect. The gym is big and the pool, whilst not so big ,was enough to keep the kids happy. We used the sun terrace and the jacuzzi. And the location is great. So not the place to go if you are looking for character or special hotel experience, but it really did the job for us. 
DIRTY Room / RUDE Staff My husband and I and three children were disappointed with our stay at the Sheraton Boston last weekend (July 26th - 27th).For starters, before arriving we called the hotel to request two beds and a rollaway cot in the room. The person with whom we spoke was quite rude and stated that since we booked through Priceline, she could not accomodate any of our requests, that we were wasting our time speaking with her and we would have to see what was available when we arrived.Be forewarned, as mentioned in other revieiws, when we arrived, we were informed that the only option for parking our car was through the hotel's valet for a cost of $41 per night.At check-in we requested a renovated room, but we were given a room on the 25th floor of the non-renovated tower. At that time we requested a rollaway bed/cot. The 25th floor looks worn (scratched doors, frayed carpet) and our room was horrible (looked like it was decorated in the '80s) - smelly with a huge stain in the middle of the carpet, stains on the dark blue duvet/comforters, rip in the blue velvet curtains, hairs and mold in the bathroom, dirt inside the drawers and a huge TV that looked about 10 years old which didn't get reception on several channels. We complained, but were told that since we booked through Priceline, our room could not be changed. (Regardless of how one books their room, it seems to us that guests should be enititled to clean, pleasant rooms...)Three hours after we had checked in, we still had not received the rollaway bed. We called the front desk to follow up, and after another two hours (long after we had hoped to put our youngest child to bed), the bed was delivered without any extra pillows or blankets. When we requested these items from the guy who delivered them, he told us that these items were not available because they were all really dirty.Our kids swam in the pool, but the hotel does not employ any lifeguards, so parents have to keep a close eye on their kids. Due, in part, to the retractable roof, after sundown the pool area is poorly lit, and it's a bit tough to keep track of three kids in the pool without adequate lighting.To get to the bathroom/locker room from the pool, you have to go through a freezing cold area where the treadmills are located. The locker room is gross - uncleaned toilet, filthy showers, hair dryers sitting in puddles of water (not very safe). All of that being said, the location of the hotel is fabulous - in the heart of Boston and attached to the Prudential Center which is an upscale mall with several restaurants and a great food court (which is convenient when you have kids to feed). There are several other hotels in this area, and we suggest that if this location appeals to you, that you stay in a different hotel. 
Slow Elevators, good location This hotel is well located in the back bay and is connected to the Prudential Center.Our room was spacious, although the bathroom was small. We enjoyed the flat screen TV. The beds were great with nice linens.The pool was nice with a lap lane and an adjacent hot tub.My main complaint was the elevators...they were VERY slow. It took far too long for the elevators to come. They should really think about updating them. 
Really slipped but great location and competitive pricing This used to be one of my favorite hotels and even vactioned here back in the 90's. Sad to see where it's goneThe service is still courteous with a smile, and you can't beat the location, there is a T stop in the prudential center doesn't get much better for getting around. Reading some of the other reviews I found myself agreeing more than not. I've been here in Boston for the last 5 weeks. I hav stayed at the Marriott and the Hilton all with in a stone throw of the Shraton. Sadly I rank this one third.Whats Good.Decent sized rooms, and hands down the MOST comfortable beds of all the chains in the area. That's important to any business traveller. Quality towels and Bath products. Sheraton doesn't allow those old frayed towels. The Pool, Gym and lobby are great as well. Also again the Service is good, everyone projects helpfulness and I believe they are sincere.What needs improvement. Well for the bucks it's competitive, but frankly this hotel is in need of some major renovation if it wants to compete with the in room amenities of some of the other hotels. The TV's and remotes.. well leave much to be desired.Small Desks- Mine looks like a chouch end table. Not muchto spreadout on, and If I ordered room service I'd have to move my laptop to the bed. The toilets look they are right out your high school gym. Clean yes, but old cracked tiles with stained grout stands out. The Lamps are flecked with chipped paint from years of use. And I am wondering the last time my phone was cleaned, as there is an interesting film around the ear hole.Also No in room safes.For a business traveller, well frankly it leaves you wanting more. It reminds me of the old Hamton inn's before the national makeover. But again The bed almost guarantees you'll sleep well.Personally I prefer the LAN connections to wi fi. So for m that's a plus over the Hilton across the street. (All Wi Fi)Personally I haven't tried the food, becuase there are MANY great eating places all within walking distance. The menu looks typical. There's a burger, Pizza, a few salads etc. Again I recomend eating out just for the variety.Overall nothing special, it's a hotel, that's seen better days, but hey if you in Boston and just hanging out in your hotel room...well you have much bigger issues than a hotel needing some TLC. 
So So The Good - Good location, friendly staff on check in, and many of the amenities that a business traveller might need. The valet and bellman in the lobby were all very helpful and courteous. There is also a full service Starbucks (not just a cart) on site in the lobby.The Bad-Sheraton really needs to work on giving the rooms a good scrubbing. There were stains on the carbet near the bed which did not help their cause.Also, the floor right along the floor boards needs a good vaccuming with the crevice tool. I also had a plate in my room which I brought up on Day 1....it stayed with me until Day 5.The Ugly-The room was terribly small and a little tired. The doors were so narrow that they remind me of those on a cruise ship where space is really limited. Also, the bathroom was uncomfortably small, especially when staying sharing the room with the Mrs.Conclusion-This is definitely the spot if you're looking for a good priced, centrally located hotel with a reputable brand and don't plan on spending lots of time actually in your room (i.e., you just go there to sleep and shower).Otherwise, if you are the type of traveler that also values your aesthetics of your room, then you might want to consider other options. 
Great Visit Husband was attending a conference and this was one of the hotel choices we had. We are so glad we chose this hotel. All staff were friendly, helpful. Check in was great. The hotel lobby was relaxing and spacious. There were computers scattered around with free internet access to keep up with family e-mails. It was one of the nicest lobbies I've been in lately. Our room had a great view and was nicely decorated. We had a flat screen TV, nice bed and the bathroom was nice. We were on the 23rd floor. We were near the ice machine and elevator which we enjoyed for convenience. Loved the pool area. Wish there had been beverages and snacks available there. It was connected to the mall and there were many restaurants nearby to choose from. Our stay in Boston was greatly enhanced and made enjoyable due to this hotel and it's staff. 
Good location, but needs improvement My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton for four nights while he was attending a conference at the convention center located on-site. After arriving several hours late due to storms in the Boston area, we were told there was only one room left with a king-size bed (hard to believe, given the size of the hotel) whick we took. After seeing the nice lobby, the large stain (close to two feet across) which greeted us on the hallway floor near our room did not leave a good impression. The room turned out to be a handicapped-accessible one; on the plus side, the bathroom was large, on the minus side, the overall dimensions of the room were lacking. There was only one washcloth in the room - we called the front desk, and several more were quickly brought up. While unpacking, we noticed that the bottom of one of the drawers was coming apart, and, behind one of the nightstands, was trash that had been left by previous guests. The next morning, we noticed that the showerhead would not stay in position. We reported these three problems to the front desk the next morning. The trash was removed and the room cleaned, but nothing was ever done about the showerhead, the broken drawer, or, later, the toilet that flushed like a min-geyser.The bed was very comfortable, but the tv was old (no flat screen) and internet was not wireless. The closet was very poorly laid out, since it had been adapted to be accessible nothing longer than three feet could be hung in it without being folded over.The location of the hotel is excellent, as it is attached to a mall, and across the street from a subway stop, as well as being in walking distance to many shops and restaurants. The pool was nice as well, and business services were fine.Would I stay here again? Definitely not if I were paying rack rate. This hotel needs to improve its housekeeping, which tends to be inconsistent, as well as its maintenance. It is very convenient if you are attending an event located in the attached convention center though. 
Needs improvement We stayed at this hotel for one night on points. We had just come from the Hilton across the street and were so disappointed when we checked into the Sheraton. The staff was not very friendly and the lobby felt very casino like, it was weird!The room was large but poorly decorated, and had ugly colors (navy, burgundy and gray) which had seen better days.There wasn鈥檛 a mini-bar or a safe in the room, but there was a coffee maker and iron.The bed was not comfortable; the bathroom was small with scratchy towels and there was no make up mirror.We did have a nice view but the windows were dirty, so we couldn鈥檛 even take pictures.I would stay here again on points, but that鈥檚 the only way. It just didn鈥檛 have a good feel to it. There are too many other nicer places to stay. 
horrible experience My husband and I were in a fifth floor room which had an adjoining door to another room. People were noisy all night long until 5 am. Had no sleep. I called front desk twice - who did not identify himself. He told me he would change my room. I didn't want to be inconvenienced more in the wee hours of the morning. He told me he would send Security to quiet them down. Needless to say, the people didn't quiet down. They were banging doors all night long, besides being very noisy.Also, the room reeped of cigarette smoke. I would never stay at another Sheraton again. 
Still My #1 Hotel in Boston I wrote a review of this hotel in August 2007, and named it My #1 Hotel in Boston. One year later, it still gets that same title.Valet parking is a very high $41 which is the only negative comment about the hotel. But roll-a-way bed was delivered promptly and at no charge, so it is a wash.As a Platinum SPG member, I was upgraded to a suite on the 26th Floor. Great views of the Charles River, Back Bay, and Cambridge. One of the best things about this hotel is the large Club Room on the 29th floor. Superb cold breakfast, and evening food. Plus 2 free Internet computers and 46 plasma television.Hotel is connected to huge indoor mall at the Prudential Center, including Skywalk, on the 50th floor of the Prudential Center. Only 2 blocks from hilariously funny Boston Duck Tours. Still one of my favorite hotels in the United States.Room rates with taxes equal $300. It is 15 minute walk to Fanuel Hall and same for Fenway Park. Plenty of restaurants everywhere. Very large lobby downstairs to sit and relax with a newspaper, and with a Starbucks too. 
Loved the Sheraton We stayed at the Sheraton for 10 nights and thoroghly enjoyed the experience. The Hotel staff were very pleasant and obliging, they even allowed us to check in early and have a late check out..The rooms were large, very comfortable extremely clean and well furnished. The beds were larger than most king size we've previously experienced in other American Hotels.The reception staff were particularly helpful and efficient whenever we required access to our free safety deposit box. The hotel was well situated within walking distance to all the major tourist attractions.The concierge was very knowledgeable and friendly giving excellent advice and recommendations for our travel plans. 
loved it!       pool area with roof open 
Take the bitter with the better.... Stayed at the Sheraton while in Bean Town on business. I've spent some downtime in the lobby previously and was impressed with the decor, business amenities and the big starbucks. This time tho i stayed as a paying guest of the hotel - and tho the lobby is still a beauty - this hotel definitely has problems. To begin with - $41 per nite come and go as you please valet parking. That my friends is a shakedown. Next - once you ride the elevator up from that beautiful lobby - the hotel proper is less than appealing. My room was on the 24th floor and the carpet in the hallway was outdated and dirty looking. The doors to the rooms were scratched up and in poor condition. The room itself was of decent size with perhaps the best view i've had at a city hotel in years - looked out over the river and to my left i could see the dreaded Fenway - just an amazing view. BUT, the room felt not dirty - but almost dirty. The carpet was old and like in the hallway - didn't seem clean. As i walked barefoot in the room, i was a bit turned off to the feel. The TV was some 1990's tube with a horrible picture and relatively little channel choice. Where is the FLAT PANEL. Even worse, the in-room internet was wired - NOT WIFI. Did i take a trip back to the 90's? No Wi-Fi and no flat panel = no future visits from this road warrior business traveler. PS - breakfast buffet of high quality but why leave a USA Today at my doorstep - I do not want that bogus broadsheet. 
great experience in every way!1 My huband and I stayed in the Sheraton Boston hotel for our entire holiday in Boston ( 10 days)! from July 3rd to 13th. We booked on-line and were dismayed when we read some of the tripadvisor reviews and emailed our booking agent who forwarded our concerns to the hotel.Our room was on the top floor on the south wing and the view was magnificent! it was also large, spotless and elegantly furnished..The staff were very friendly, helpfull and the free internet in the lobby allowed us to keep in daily contact with our family by Email!It was our first time in Boston and thanks in part to our experience at the Sheraton, we hope to return in the winter of 2009.Location was great( just beside a 'T' station) and some excellent restaurants ( The Cheescake factory and P.F Changs) and shops. 
Needs Some Improvements Just stayed for 3 nights. Have stayed here many times because of it's location in the Back Bay section and its proximity to Fenway Park. Very happy to hear that all rooms are now non-smoking but this was not reflected on their website when booking. Our experiences with rooms has varied here. If you have a river view it makes the experience nicer. They renovated the lobby areas(bar and internet kiosks), but the rooms are average and the bathrooms are screaming for help. The beds are wonderful. Got a last minute wonderful rate with breakfast included. The manager told us they have renovated a few rooms as samples and told us the new rooms would be available next year. I'm sure this will be the place to stay when all rooms are finished. Wonderful location linked to the Prudential Mall. Front desk staff is very accomodating. 
Good value with starpoints, convenient location, recommended       View from room - Charles river, Back Bay, MIT dome 
Good location and well-managed I stayed for five nights as part of an Art Excursions Program. The group was scheduled for the Club Floor (arranged by the program). Reading some of the reviews frightened me, so I was not expecting very much in the way of services. At check in, I requested a view of the river as well as a room on the same floor as the club lounge and received it. Room 2916 was excellent, good size, with a sitting area and two large windows. This might have formerly been two smaller rooms. Occasionally there was noise from the nearby service elevator but it was not bothersome.I found the reception staff extremely accommodating to my questions and requests, the club room staff very helpful and accommodating and the chambermaids very efficient.One minor negative would be the condition of the sheets, they could stand to be updated. Both changes had small holes and did not seem finished or ironed. It would be very difficult to come up with serious negatives for this hotel. It is well managed and well located and I would stay there again when in Boston 
Good Location I stayed here while attending a conference at the attached convention center. Great location obviously to the conv. center, as well as, the attached mall. Located really in the heart of the city so, easy to get anywhere. I thought that the public space was very nice and I used the free internet in the lobby (like a laptop lane). I thought the rooms looked a little dated. 
Great location; Needs some updating The Sheraton Boston is in a great location, attached to the Prudential Center and within walking distance of everything I needed. As a Starwood member, I was upgraded to a room on one of the top floors with a fantastic view of the Charles River. The woman at reception was very nice and even though I was early, they had my room ready for me.The room was average (aside from the great view) both in size and decor, although it did have that fabulous bed. The entire hotel felt dated with limited decor or ambience. I'm sure they cater to conventioneers, but I like a little more character to my hotel. The bathroom was very small and since there was no fan, the door needed to stay open when showering. Great Bliss products, however and better towels then many hotels.The only true negative was at the bellman's desk. As I and several other guests approached to check bags for a couple of hours, the bellman at the desk hung up the phone and walked away w/o acknowledging us. We all then waited about 5 minutes before another bellmen came from outside and very brusquely checked luggage with no eye contact or ounce of friendliness. When I came to retrieve my luggage, the different men at the desk were very pleasant, as was the doorman that hailed me a cab.All in all, if the price was right, I would most likely stay here again because of the location, but I would probably shop around for a hotel with a little more charm first. 
Dreary Hotel I moved to the Sheraton after a few nights in the Westin. No comparison- the Westin was MUCH better. I stayed in the north tower. The room was drab, the view was awful- pipes and ugly buildings. The room was wildly dusty- as if it had not been used in months. Even the fabric lampshade had a coating of dust.The bath vanity was way low. I am 5'1 and it came to mid-thigh on me! The tub had some mildew starting. The TV would not work from the beginning. Although I called twice, no one came to fix it. The front desk was friendly. The porter (Hispanic name) was wonderful, but his boss snapped at him for taking too long with me. (He wanted him to help someone else.)There was free internet in the lobby. There were also apples at the front desk- a nice touch, and tasty, too.The hotel was very conveniently located in the mall/convention center complex. It was not as convenient as the Westin, though, being farther from the T and Newbury St. All in all, I thought this was a pretty mediocre hotel. I would have been upset if I had had to spend more than one night here. 
$350 a night? Ha! Ok, so I stayed here last week for the NBA Finals and it has good things and bad things. I'll start with the good things. It's connected to the mall, free wifi and Kiosk computers down stairs, complete with Starbucks. It also has two separate wings. Make sure you go for the North Wing (to the right when you get in) as it's a world of difference. The South Wing looks worse than a Holiday Inn and should not be more than $80 bucks a night. The gentleman at CheckIn was kind enough to inform me that I would rather stay in the North Wing. My friend did not get the same courtesy and after checking out his room, we had him switch immediately. The staff are great as well. Very friendly.The bad things: No wifi in the rooms. No smoking rooms, old carpets and are you ready? RATS in the hallways. No kidding around. We had booked the business rooms in the South Wing for our staff and sure enough, we see a small creature on it's way to work.  I'll be fair with my overall experience. You should get what you pay for. The North Wing should be $180 a night and the South Wing should be $80. You want a great hotel, stay at the Intercontinental. We stayed there for NBA Finals - Games 1  2 and it was by far the best hotel. It was about $300 a night as well. 
Large Noisy Convention Hotel This hotel was way too big for my liking and the room was very noisy. Lots of traffic in the lobby and the hall. It's connected to the mall so that's a good thing but overall, I won't stay there again. 
Roach Alert!! Roach alert! I booked this hotel for a long stay during the NBA Finals but ended up checking out the morning after my one and only night. I arrived late, around midnight, after a long flght from L.A. The hallway looked suspicious, doors scartched, carpet not too clean, but I made nothing of it as it was late and I was tired.Then I got into my room (639). The carpet was DEFINITELY dirty, with a lot of dark spots. The only AC outlet was behind the tv and I had to move the desk, going down on four legs to reach it. The work desk itself was so small you could hardly put down your laptop.As I unpacked, I noticed hairs on the pillows and started getting the uncomfortable feeling that the hotel was not that clean. Little did I know that as soon as I opened the bathroom door, a HUGE ROACH was waiting inside to welcome me. I called management, they said they were sorry and send somebody to clean up, He got there 45' later. But, of course, I checked out the next morning.My rate for one night? A mere $350 + tax... Roaches included...Stay away!!! 
Good service, but old, small and shabby rooms We stayed here because of a conference at this property and surprisingly, we were rather disappointed. The staff were friendly however the North Tower rooms leave much to be desired. Upon our arrival we were placed in a room that was in serious disrepair and very small: the comforters were lumpy, stained carpets and the bathroom was very tiny, dingy and had stained tiles. We asked for a bigger, more updated room and were promised a recently renovated unit. To our surprise the room looked as exactly as the other -with one change, the bathroom vanity had been replaced with a granite and wood unit. The room was still very small, only one lamp worked as the rest of the lamps didn't have any lightbulbs, plus the TV remote didn't work. Given all the choices in Boston, we would not stay here again. p.s. a friend stayed in the South Tower and LOVED his room - big room, bed and bathroom and flat panel TV - if you stay here request a new room in the SouthTower :) 
One Night Only, but Pleasant Experience We only stayed at this hotel one night because our other hotel had no vacancies for our last night. We decided to choose a place in Back Bay, since we hadn't spent much time in this area. The hotel ended up being pretty close to a lot of funky shopping and some pretty nice restaurants. The hotel staff were friendly and the room was spacious and clean. The price was a little steep for me, but if I could afford it, I'd love to stay here again for a longer time!! 
Nice beds...but not much else. My husband and I generally stay away from chain hotels, and now I remember why. The Sheraton Boston is, in general, a nice hotel but didn't offer much in the way of making their guests feel like home (like many small hotels do). Upon arrival we were greeted by the nice bellmen and they explained that it would cost $42/night to park our car! I was flabbergasted!! I figured it would cost something to park, but not that much!! We had no choice but to eat the cost. Because of it, we never got to do a few things we had planned for the week (as we were on our honeymoon and short on extra funds - after paying for the wedding itself).When checking in, the woman at the desk overheard us talking about it being our honeymoon and upgraded us to a suite, which was quite nice. The beds are comfy, but the room was lacking. No fridge, no safe, $5 for 30 minutes of internet use and the bathroom was pretty awful. Our apartment bathroom at home is nicer than this one...and that is saying a lot. The tub was plain, showerhead was awful and the lighting was terrible. I really expected more from a suite bathroom.The Sheraton was a good place to lay our heads in between Sox games and touring the city, but we will not return. 
Wonderful Stay at the Sheraton! We absolutely loved our stay in Boston at the Sheraton! We received an amazing deal on Travelocity and even though I was a little leery about the large size of the hotel (I feared it would be impersonal or cold), we received very personal service and prompt attention at the front desk. The bed was extremely comfortable and the hotel was quiet. The Sheraton has a great location close to Newbury Street and conveniently attached to the Prudential Center where you can find anything you need!!! I highly recommend the Duck Tour - it was a wonderful time - and you can purchase the tickets right in the Prudential Center - just be sure to line up early (outside the Prudential Center) for the tour! 
Fun Weekend in Boston Big but very nice hotel. Great location. Close to Fenway. 
Watch out for breakfast at the Apropos Room We stayed here with our daughter, who was participating in the Olympic Trials for the Marathon. Our rooms were excellent with very comfortable beds . The day before the trials was our one full day in Boston (first time!), so we were up early (7:00 a.m., which was 4:00 a.m. our time!). We ate an early breakfast in the Apropos Room. We did not go for the buffet, as we are light eaters. I had a fruit bowl, bread basket, and my husband had the eggs with ham. We also had juice and coffee. We did not check the price of the juice and coffee, but the other choices seemed reasonable. Our bill with tip was $55.53! The charge for coffee and juice was very high! We later complained to the front desk and were told that they get many complaints about this, but there was nothing they could do. We could have had two buffet meals which included juice and coffee for $40.00 plus tip. Avoid the Apropos Room if you are light eaters! 
select another property I was booked (incorrectly, but that is another story all together) It seems the property and the corporate reservation lines do not communicate. My first room was a queen $439.00 one night stay. The queen room was 10 feet by about 14 feet in size. The room next to mine was being worked on (banging drilling, talking workmen etc.) keep in mind I booked my trip more than a month ago. and was given this room even as a strwood member. I went to the desk to ask (quietly) if there was a king room available. Without hesitation the guy at the fromt desk gave me a beautiful room over looking the Charels, with a huge king bed for the same price and a much cleaner and larger version of the queen room. My question is.....WHY WAS I TREATED SO POORLY BEFORE I COMPLAINED? There is no reason to give those dirty old queen rooms to people if you have rooms available. I was in Boston for a business and pleasure visit, but will never stay at this property again. I am in Boston several times a year. I will go back to the Westin. 
Better than Last year This is the second time we've stayed at the Sheraton over Patriots Day weekend. It's a great choice if you're in town for the Boston Marathon, you don't even need to go outside to get to marathon central at the Hines, and all the shopping and dinning you'll need. (Unless of course you head to the North End for pre-race pasta) Last time we were in a small room with our two boys and could barely walk around the roll away bed. This time our room was in the part of the hotel closest to the Prudential Center and it was quite spacious. It had a king size bed and pull out couch. The kids loved the pool, the adults enjoyed the hot tub. The fact that they allow you to use the fitness facilities to shower after the marathon is over (well after check out time) is a nice plus. We ended up arriving quite early in the morning to catch the olympic trials for the womens marathon and had no trouble leaving our car and suitcases. Once the race was over (still well before check in) we were able to get our room keys and relax in our room. The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was very clean, the bed quite comfortable. We called for extra blankets and towels and had them delivered within minutes. I'd like to have had a mini bar/fridge in the room. The only negative for us was the pompous concierge--the short one on duty in the evening--avoid him and talk to one of the women instead. 
Great Hotel--would stay there again! Just returned from Boston today, and have to say that the Boston Sheraton was a great place to stay for the Boston Marathon and for it's location overall. I had read the prior, mixed reviews, and can tell you I was highly satisfied. We (my children and I) were on the 27th floor, nice room, nice bathroom. Everything was clean, and just what you wanted and needed in a room. The hotel pool and gym facilities were top notch. Free internet service right by the Starbucks. Concierge desk was very helpful. Lots of runners stayed there and there was a cool vibe all weekend. It was easy to get to the T, shop and eat in the Prudential Center, pick up the race packets from the attached Hynes Convention Center, and to walk around the Back Bay neighborhood. 
typical sheraton stay It was my second time visiting Boston. I stayed at this hotel two nights. in my opinion, the room seemed small in size. I felt like I was going to hit the nightstand when I would get out of bed. The room was clean and I had a good view from the 19th floor. The hotel location was great! It is near Fenway Park and walking distance to the Shops at Prudential Center.The T subway station is around the corner from the hotel. I am planning on returning to Boston in the winter. This hotel suits my needs. I would also consider a bit more upscale experience at the Westin or Marriott nearby!? 
Boston Hotel Just returned from a short trip (4 nights) to Boston. We were delighted with the location of the Sheraton/Boston and its comfortable room, 8th floor north tower. Being attached to the Prudential shopping mall made it very safe and convenient for me to shop while my husband was otherwise occupied. Concierge was terrific. That department simply made our stay the best.............California travelers 
Great City Break in Boston My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton for one night over the Easter weekend. When we arrived we had our hire car valet parked, and our luggage was taken into the reception area for us. Check-in was very quick and efficient, even though we arrived 2 hours before the stated check in time of 3pm.We were given a room on the 24th Floor of the south tower. It was a corner room, with full height windows to two sides, giving us a great view across Boston. The room was very comfortable, and looked to have been recently redecorated. The bathroom however looked rather tired, and although clean, was in need of refurbishment.Despite being a fairly upscale Sheraton the room lacked certain features : there was no in room safe, which meant any valuables had to be left in safety deposit boxes at reception; there was no mini bar, or complimentary water, although coffee/tea were provided; there was no shower cap in the bathroom, and only small quantities of shower gel etc. These are, however, minor issues, and did not impact on our overall enjoyment of the stay.We were on a room only deal, but there is a Starbucks in the reception area where you can get coffee and muffins if you don't fancy the hotel's full breakfast. The free internet service in the lobby is a real bonus, allowing us to check in for our return flight with ease.The hotel links directly into the Prudential centre, a mid-scale shopping centre with a reasonable range of shops and restaurants. This in turn links to the upscale Copley Plaza shopping centre, definately worth a visit! Directly opposite the Sheraton (outside the Hilton hotel) is one of the stops for the Boston trolley bus sight seeing tours, and Newbury Street is a short walk from the hotel.Overall we had a great stay. The hotel is conveniently located, and accommodation of a good standard. Would recommend it. 
worst Expeirence in USA This is my sixth visit to the USA where everytime I stay in different hotel as part of a professional development plan wehre we attend an annual conference. This time was the worst visit and the hotel played a major role in worsening the experience. The rooms lack the basic tiny things that we found in other hotels in other states including Sheraton ones as well. No safe inside the room to keep valuables. Lighting inside the room is poor and reading was a problem. Staff were nice but we were not able to get our bills in a way to report accurately to our institutions so they did whatever is suitable for them. Pets were another problem that initiated allergy for some colleagues. The breakfast was overpriced like any other hotel, but there was no balanced variety like in other hotels. Pork is not the favorite breakfast meal for many. The vending machine was out of order for ten consecutive days and may be more and when we called to complain the operator said try another floor. This is awkard especially the rooms do not have any mini bar. The telephones inside the rooms were not efficent. We were not able to hear the speakers also the fees for a call was expensive even within USA hotels. The only advantage is that it is related to the Prudential which is a great mall and outing space. Also its location is great where you can vist some places by walking and easy to get the trolley. I think some details can imporve the hotel. 
Great for Irish Tourists..do not be put off!!!! I just got back from the Sheraton and i had been so scared aout staying there after reading these reviews. There was no need to be. A lot of the American reviewers expected a lot...huge rooms etc. The hotel is fab...you couldnt be in a better location so it is perfect for tourists. You are attached to the prudential centre through the 2nd floor..great upmarket shops and places to eat (eat in the top of the hub once it is fab). The t is also in the prudential and the trolley tours leave from right outside the door. It is a 4 minute walk to newbury street..again great shops and cafes. It is a 25 dollar cab ride to Logan and about 6dollars to Park Street and we paid 10 dollars to the Galleria (big mall in cambridge)The rooms were absolutely perfect. If you are used to staying iin hotels like the Radisson..the rooms are of similar quality..the beds are better tho! We booked a twin room and got 2 double beds, a huge TV, a big window, a nice desk and chair and a lovely coffee machine in the room. All in all perfect!The bathrom is a little small but not tiny at all...absolutely fine. We did stay in the south tower which was important to me after reading the reviews. From the corridors, it loooks a bit more modern. The lobby is beatiful, huge with lots of amenities and loads of nice places to sit and have a drink or read.It has a buzz about it too...always people coming and going.The staff in the side bar were lovely too, really friendly. We had breakfast in the hotel one morning for convenience, overpriced but fine. There is no need to eat there, eat in the mall!!Overall i really have few complaints!I travel a good bit, i have stayed in tiny European hotels and big 4 star hotel suites. This hotel really was more than i expected. If you are irish and are trying to imagine it... think of a 4 star Radisson at home and add about 1000 rooms and a much nicer lobby!Its not the luxury of the Fairmont Copley Plaza but i thought it was perfect. BTW, i booked on reserve-hotel.com. Got a rate of 93 euro a nite, an excellent rate!If yook via the hotel, you will pay about 3 times that! 
Nothing Special - A bit dingy Needed to stay in Boston and looked around for a reasonable rate but most of the main hotels that I have used before (Marriott, Westin) were charging around $250-$300 per night. This property was more reasonable so booked 3 nights via the SPG website chosing a Club room for $199 rather than a Standard at $159- Big mistake!The Room appeared to offer nothing much more than could be expected from a normal one and I agree with the other reviews here that the rooms are small (particularly the bathroom). The only difference was the fact that it was on the 26th floor (the top 3 floors are the 'Club Floors') the corridor of which was very dark and by staying here you got access to their 'Club' on the 29th floor which whilst providing basic breakfast esentials looked tired as was not the sort of place I'd have wanted to have spent a lot of time. Unlike previous lounges I have been to, it also charged for alcohlic beverages which made me wonder what was the point in paying an extra $40 per night if all I was getting for my money was a higher floor and a basic continental breakfast. Needless to say the first night I and a colleague went there and were told it was $4 dollars for a beer we left and went to a bar with better decor and atmosphere!The other complaint I have with the room is that there was no in room safe-this is normally always provided in US hotels of this standard - I only keep my passport, travel tickets and some cash in them when they are provided but they are useful and being told by the hotel that they have safe deposit boxes at Reception was not a great solution. This again left me wondering what I was paying for couldnt they put safes in the Club floor rooms to give an 'added benefit'?.I used the restaurant once for breakfast and the decor felt very tired and it was, like most hotels, overpriced for breakfast which I sometimes dont mind if it makes you feel like you are getting more for your money in terms of ambience etc.The hotel is however situated in a good location attached to the Mall with restaurants nearby (I would recommend The Cheesecake Factory and PF Changs in the Mall and if travelling further afield Maggianos, Abe and Louies and Ruth Chris).Staff that I encountered were pleasant and overall the hotel delivered (i.e. a clean and comfortable room) it was just that I thought I would, with the room type I booked, and the fact that I am a Gold SPG holder, got something better.Compared to the other hotels prices this still offered the best choice, however if you are going to Boston, compare prices and if you can get a deal at say Jury's or the Westin for $20-$30 dollars a night more stay there and leave the Sheraton. 
worst club lounge Their club lounge is absolutely the worst I have ever been at any hotel and in any country. The lounge is very small. There is no staff on site. I was doing interviews in the lounge when one of the hotel janitors came in and sat down in a massage chair, which is very close to us. He turned on the massager, closed his eyes, and was really enjoying himself. I have never seen a hotel staff taking advantage of the hotel amenities while on duty and in front of hotel guests. I asked him to come back in an hour and he left to vaccum the floor. It was 11am and I had to do the rest of my work elsewhere because of the noise. The hotel location is convenient being adjacent to a mall. I have stayed there 6 or 7 times in the past few years. I think I'll still come back to the hotel but definitely not the club lounge. 
Great Beds This hotel offers all you would expect from a facility this large, but I never could have anticipate the level of comfort I would experience in their bed. They really know what they're doing, and from the bed to the bedding, this is the standard to which I compare other accommodations. Sounds funny, but I suppose sleeping is really what you're there to do. Great location, decent staff and clean rooms. The only complaint would be that you can't open the windows in the room, so you're dependent on the thermostat. 
Nice hotel, great location The Sheraton Boston wasn't in itself anything incredibly special, although it was comfortable. The rooms are smaller, but you can tell by the area that it's probably no different than other hotels around it. The ottoman in my room had a questionable stain on it; other than that, the room was very clean. At $20 for the duration of the stay, the gym was a bit expensive given the quality of equipment. I didn't use the pool, though, which probably adds a lot of value to the cost. I went to the bar for dinner, which is right off the lobby. The service was good, the food tasty. A big bonus is the mall that's attached to the hotel. It had everything from fast food to Armani and high-end stores like it. It gave me something to do at night. There's also a few great bars within walking distance to the hotel. The location really can't be beat. The only complaint I have about my stay regarded room service. The room next to me got room service one morning, and left the tray outside...it took the hotel almost 2 full days to pick it up! It wasn't anything smelly, so it wasn't a big deal, but it showed a lack of attention. Overall a nice stay. 
I've stayed at better Motel 6's!! Had a friend in town so we decided to get a room right in the city. For the first night I scored a $99 room at the Westin Copley (beautiful!!). The second night they were sold out, so Priceline gave me the Sheraton for $109. Both Westin and Sheraton are considered 4 Stars. What a joke. Sheraton was disgusting. Gave us a room in the South Tower #1822. Hadn't seen a renovation in at least 20 years. Bathroom was sparse and what you'd expect in a motor lodge in a random town. Just very disappointing. South Tower is a bit scary too. Dingy dark hallways with room service trays sitting around for who knows how long. We should have asked to change rooms but were told that they were at capacity. Of course, they know you paid via Priceline so they just don't care. 
OK for buisness stay My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Sheraton. He was attending a conference at the adjoining Hynes Convention Center. The hotel is massive. Check-in was easy. All of the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. Our room was 965 in the south tower. Upon check-in we were informed that this was the newly rennovated tower. Our room was a very nice size for a standard room. Two huge windows. Bathroom was a little small. Coffee maker was nice. No fridge or safe. The one thing that drove us crazy was no hot water. Lukewarm water, but no hot water. It was very strange. I had read that in another review, but blew it off. Nope, it's true. Having said that, the service was very good. When we arrived i called and requested extra pillows, coffee and some bathrobes. They were at my door within minutes. I had room service breakfast two mornings. Very quick, like 15 minutes. Hot and delicious. The concierge was very nice and helpful with tips and reservations for dinner. it was very nice to be able to just walk inside and within minutes be at 2 different shopping centers. There is also a Cheesecake Factory, PF Changs and Legal Seafood at these centers. Very convenient. Legal is ok, the service was horrible. Atlantic Fish Co. was wonderful and great service, highly reccomend. This hotel was ok for buisness, but if I were going back for pleasure, I would stay somewhere else. 
Great location. Crappy hotel. This hotel is in a great spot for shops and food and sights to see... but the hotel itself leaves a lot lacking, especially for the price tag. The hotel staff and such are very nice and extremely helpful, it's just the hotel itself.No wireless internet in the rooms - even the wired internet is pay-per-day (and not very reliable). There are limited power outlets in the room (even at the desk). No fridge, no safe. A majority of the soda machines on the floors do not work (broken $ bill changers). I checked multiple floors and other people in my group reported the same problems.I just feel like there's a lot missing that should be standard at a large majority of hotels in the year 2008. 
Dirty and in a terrible location We came to this hotel by bidding on Priceline. We were looking for an affordable place to stay with kids in Boston. The hotel isn't horrible, but it sure had room for improvement. The carpet was dirty, the fixtures were old, the TV didn't work. But the worst part of our stay was the location. It was very expensive and time consuming to get in to the city with very limited public transportation nearby. 
Huge, but good! During our stay, the staff of Sheraton Boston turned what could have been a really unpleasant weekend into a decent one by maintaining a positive attitude and going the extra mile in the face of not one but two HUGE conventions of teenagers. While I would not recommend this hotel for a nice, quiet stay in Boston, it is clean and friendly with a wonderfully central location. 
Location, location - but not much else My colleague and I were booked at the Sheraton because it was the official hotel for a large international conference we recently attended in Boston. Thus, it was the maximally convenient location to be, and the network of walkways between the hotel, the convention center, and shopping/dining areas was very nice during this cold winter weather. However, a number of other hotels are also so connected, and we were disappointed at how otherwise completely ordinary this Sheraton was (especially considering the room rates). The lobby is grand, but the front desk was always understaffed. Corridors to rooms are narrow and dark, with a dark brown/flesh beige decor that looks dingy, tired, and dispirited. Room doors are unusually narrow (hard to imagine a wheelchair could even fit). The carpet looked tired and faded, and a noticeable strip of wallpaper was peeling off above the beds. Under the matresses the dust covers were very dusty, and one lamp had a large burn mark on the shade. The bathroom was small, with minimal amenities. So, a convenieint location if you are attending a convention, but by no means the place to go if you want any pampering, or a romantic getaway. 
Ask for a room in North Tower Rooms are fine but the doors do not keep out any noise from the corridors.The South Tower is quite run down, needs new carpeting, previously I stayed in the North Tower and do not remember it being so tatty.Beds are the usual Sweet Sleeper - so very comfyLocation beside Prudential Centre/Copley is excellentThe Maparium around the corner is well worth a visitAvoid Starbuck's in the lobby - poor service and no breakfast options 
Loved the Room       Nice-colored curtains and seating pane 
Not good for customer service Rude and unhelpful reception staff. I stayed for new year and a lot people had parties on some floors where the police had to be called. Reception staff did not call the police until 5am. Lots of people complained. I booked bed and breakfast (paid before I went) to be told that this is something they have never offrered. They told me to ring the travel agent in the UK!. No customer service at all. I can honestly say that none of the reception team were helpful. The rooms were ok, a bit shabby - not at all what I was expecting for a Sheraton. The restuarant was first class. Food very good and the staff there were very friendly.I wish I had booked a cheaper hotel and saved the stress and money. I wanted something nice as I was with my 18 month son and partner and that is not what I got. 
city break arrived at Sheraton and was pleasantly surprised after reading fairly poor reviews online. After being given a room on the 10th floor initially, I asked the receptionist was it possible to have a room with a good view. The view did not disappoint! Virtually 180 degree, corner room with sitting room, separate bedroom and walk in wardrobe! First impressions were that the room was a little tired, but the view more than made up for that. The room was spotlessly clean. The bathroom was worn but very functional. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Good facilities and location. Would i stay here again? I would have no hesitation. 
location location location As a seasoned visitor to Boston and having stayed in many hotels the Sheraton is by far the best, situated in the Prudential Shopping centre, it is close to everything and very central. a 2 minute walk to Newbury Street, and the T stop at the Hynes Convention centre just around the corner. The beds are very, very comfortable would love to have one shipped to Ireland. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and very clean, I will be travelling to Boston again and without a shadow of a doubt the Sheraton will be my one and only choice 
great location, staff and lobby... unfortunately that was about it. I liked the location and found the staff to be very nice and helpful. The room however was not impressive for the price. It was also not very comfortable. The rooms seemed very small and bathroom even smaller. I will say I was not expecting a suite sized room. I do travel on business a lot and this was by far the most disappointing hotel I have stayed at for the price. 225.00 was not worth the stay. I will book elsewhere on my next Boston trip. 
Mezza Mezza I've stayed here several times and find the quality slipping from past visits. My room was very small and barely had room for 2 double beds. The furniture was cheap and damaged. The cleanliness here is definately lacking. I am a stickler for a clean room, and noted stains on the rug and mold on the bathroom tiles. My shower didn't drain properly to top off my overall dissatisfaction. I think there are many better choices in the neighborhood, including the Marriott Copley and Hilton Back Bay, which is across the street. 
The complete package. Wonderful Hotel and Staff Having not been to Boston before I wanted to stay in a Hotel in a central are with nice facilities. But this compleatly went beyond my expectations.The staff were attentive and friendly and the food was excellent in the bar and my room was a lovely big size and very clean. I would go back there again and have recommended it to many friends as it was great.The room was spotless and kept that way every day by cleaning staff who obviously take pride in what they do. Located near 2 huge shopping malls and high street there is plenty to do. The staff are very helpful for directing you to places to go and organising tickets. Although there were lots of staff they were all friendly and made you feel like you mattered. The place was lovely and made me feel like I was on holiday as I was really able to relax.It was good value for money. Well done. 
Showing its age? Two nights for a convention at the Hynes Convention Center. Reasonable convention rate, clean, and good location, naturally but: 2 days of only lukewarm water for the showers and rattling in the walls (heating? pipes?) that was impossible to ignore, so not the most comfortable stay. 
great location, great hotel We had a beautiful corner room on 28th floor with spectacular views.The room had everything you could need, only minor problem was the gap under the doors meant you could hear people walking past or in the next room, we were lucky as we were at the end of the corridor and no one went past.Hotel was very busy with a conference. We were on a room only rate and went to the Food Court in the ajoining Prudential Centre for breakfast every morning as did a lot of the delegates.Great range of shops in the Centre and you dont have to go outdoors.Be aware that Duck Tours are ONLY at weekends after ThanksgivingGreat location, T station in the basement,and within walking distance of lots of shops, restaurants and Boston Common.Highly recommended is The Cheesecake Factory in the Centre, wonderful fish and steak , great cocktails and fantastic service. 
Room Inadaquate I was assigned a room which was located directly next to the elevator shaft.....It was impossible to get any sleep throughout the night due to the loud noise from two elevators moving up and down. This was a room that cost over $200.00 
Great hotel!       our bedroom 
Another Great Stay We always stay at the Sheraton when we travel to Boston, purely for its great location. This time was no different and even more convenient for us as we were travelling with our 6 month son and its great that you can walk from the hotel to the malls without even going outside as we had some bad weather predicted for our stay so was worried it would be too cold for the baby. We are SPG memebers so got upgraded to a bigger room, although i must say the bathroom was the smallest we have ever had at the Sheraton, didnt overly bother us as its not as if you spend alot of time in the bathroom anyway! you cant beat the hotel for location. 
Good but not the best around I have stayed here before and decided to stay around the holidays. I got a great deal being a SPG member (their hotel rewards program). I can't complain much about my stay based on the price but here is some info for others.The hotel is in a great location for shoppers, tourists and nearby conventions. The rooms are small but the beds are nice, clean and comfortable. Water in the bathroom was loud but the bathroom was clean. The work area was small and would be cumbersome for those on business. Do not get a room on the same level as the pool, the hallway smelled like chlorine. The only advantage to a lower floor was that I did not have to wait for an elevator- it was slow and crowded. The lobby was crowded and confusing to get to from the mall level. Staff seemed nice though I had little interaction with them. This is not a bad hotel, I would recommend staying there if you can get a price is right. For the same price you may be able to stay at the nearby, nicer Marriott or Westin. 
Shelter from the storm On December 13, a terrible, sudden snowstorm threw Boston into monumental gridlock. I was there on a business trip, not familiar with the city. I spent 7 hours going 3 miles -- and eventually gave up trying to get to my destination and began looking for a place to stay the night. Calling hotels from my rental car, I found them all full. But I was eventually in front of the Sheraton, which had cleared their driveway, and I took a chance. They not only had rooms, they were offering very good rooms at $149 for walk-ins like me 鈥?when they could have charged any price! The room, on the 28th floor, was lovely -- just right -- a real comfort after a very bad experience in a city that didn't know how to deal with a snow emergency. Thank you, Sheraton Boston! 
Great Location Good Value Hotel I stayed here right after Christmas for two nights and enjoyed the stay. The room was clean and large but outdated. The furniture was in OK condition but the room could use a refurb. They upgarded me to a mini suite that was more like just a corner room. The view however was amazing. I would stay again if the price was right. 
Nice Location! The Sheraton in Boston has an incredible location if you're a shopper and/or love to eat! Its in the center of the Prudential, which has a connected walkway to Copely Square Mall. It has tons of shops and specialty stores. Good restaraunts to choose from or the food court at the Prudential has a variety of foods to choose from also. Not only that, you're within minutes to Boylston St. and Newbury St., plenty of shopping and food!The room was quite small. Not what my fiance and I are used to. We've stayed at the Park Plaza numerous times and the rooms there are much more spacious, although it needs updating. The decor at the Sheraton are up to date. Nice actually, just small. Very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was a decent size. Check in was quick. The lines to the reception's desk were long!! Alot of the front desk people were working so it kept the lines moving quick. There's also a Kiosk computer center that you can check-in yourself. Its a self-serve center. All you need is your credit card that you used to reserve your room with and a receit along with your room keys prints out. It took less than a minute. I think every hotel should have that.All in all, the hotel and service was nice. Nothing spectacular, just average. Its not bad for the money at all. If you're in Boston for shopping, this is the place to stay! 
Internet, Pool  The Sheraton Boston was a pleasant surprise. I'd felt a bit hoodwinked by priceline when I bid on a 4 star and received the Sheraton, whose own front desk manager told me was only a 3 star property. However, my stay was delightful, and the location within the Prudential Center complex was fantastic.The room itself was large and bright with a great view of Boston Harbor, and the king-sized bed was of average comfort. The bathroom had a great vanity counter, but the towels were a bit on the rough side. Sundries provided were basic, and the shower had moderate to weak water pressure. The fitness center charges a daily or stay rate, and the pool alone is free. There are sparsely scheduled pay as you go classes across the street in a gym somewhere in yoga and step, but none were offered during my down time. The lobby has both free internet kiosks for guests, as well as WiFi for those with their own laptops. Boarding passes can be printed at a special kiosk, but any other printing or business needs are available at a business center upstairs in the conference center. This property is huge and geared towards conventions, but the staff was friendly and helpful. Cabs within in Boston are cheap! It was $5 including tip to go to the theater across town! The subway, the T, is located in the Prudential Center, and the ride to and from the airport took about 25-30 minutes terminal to hotel. A bus at the terminal takes you to the T and drops you back at any of the terminals at Logan. This is probably the quickest, and cheapest, way to get in and out of Boston. Parking is exorbitant in the city, so if you're flying, take the T and walk. Newbury Street shops and restaurants are conveniently located to the Sheraton, and the Prudential Center Mall has just about anything imaginable all under one roof. 
Great Hotel Upon arriving at the Sheraton, I was both shocked and pleased at what I saw in front of me. I was not expecting anything like it. It was huge. It had a massive lobby, and north and south tower. There was alos free internet access for 45 mins. I thought it was truly an exceptional hotel. I shared a room with my friend and we had a double bed each. Which was very reasonable considering we only paid 鈧?0 each per night. We booked it through 1800hotels.ie The only downside was that there was alot of groups/students and 2 nights out of the 4 I had to call down to reception because of the noise. We were unlucky enough to have some of those students in a room nearby, but security was sent up straight away and that was the end of it. There was lots of those students in the lobby during the day, which could get a bit stressful, but the hotel ahs convention halls so I suppose that is to be expected. If it doesnt bother you, then this hotel is for you.Overall, very impressed with the accomodation and the location of the hotel itself ! 
Good Location. Big Pool. Stayed here on many occasions over the last 12 years. Well located right in Back Bay and a short walk to Newbury Street and scores of restaurants although not located in the most pleasant of streets but connected via indoor walkways to the upmarket Prudential, Marriott and Westin malls so no need to venture outside for the shops or restaurants in bad weather. The north tower offers wonderful views over Back Bay and the Charles river.My 3 most recent stays were all in 2 rooms suits which had all been recently refitted although the smallish bathrooms were only partially upgraded. Not sure how many other rooms have had the same treatment. The downside for some of the high rooms is the rumblings from the elevators. Rooms have all had Coffee makers which is backed up by a comfortable Starbucks coffes shop in the large lobby area which has free wi-fi along with free to use internet PC's. Large comfortable bar is also located within lobby. Decor of the formal restaurant seems a little flat so cannot comment on food. Club lounge on 29th floor offers a well stocked complementary cold buffet breakfast with a great view. The big swimming pool with opening roof and well equiped gym are a real bonus but not always included in the room rate so best check when booking.Hynes and Copley Square green line subway stations are maybe 6 and 8 minutes walk respectively. Taxi to Logan is about $30-35 and 15-25 mins, subway is $2 and about 45 mins via green and blue lines. Car parking is about $40 per night but alternatives are available opposite the hotel. 
Great location       View from room 1701 
A good hotel in great location! Recently had an enjoyable 7 night stay at the Boston Sheraton. Although more 3.5 stars than 4, it ticks all the boxes from comfort to service. Location is great due to interconnecting malls housing shops, restaurants and T stations. Good locale for all of the cities attractions. Good view over the city from the 17th floor. The only negative points were that the rooms had poor sound insulation and small signs of it being a well used hotel. Oh and the pool was closed during our stayThese are only minor gripes and would certainly stay again! 
Too big for its britches I just finished a 5-day, 4-night stay at the Sheraton while attending a conference at the adjacent Hynes Convention Center. Most of the neighboring hotels were booked, and as I was traveling alone, I didn't want to stay too far away for safety concerns. I booked well above the convention rate of $199 (which the Sheraton said had expired) and paid $319/night (or my employer did). For that, I expected excellent service and attention to detail, and true, I was upgraded to a deluxe corner room on a high floor, which was a nice surprise, but that was far overshadowed by the rest of my experience. Instead, I found mold in the bathroom, items like paper coffee cups and shampoo not replenished (why give me a coffee maker and coffee but no new cups or stirrers? However, I called housekeeping and they promptly brought me cups, but no stirrers...), curt gym staff, and sadly, a housekeeping staff that doesn't knock (I had two instances within 12 hours where staff tried to enter my room unannounced, once at almost 9pm at night where I was in the bathtub). I nicely brought this last one to staff's attention (once by calling housekeeping directly and the other upon checkout), and while I got an apology, I still felt like my privacy was violated. The location of the property is great, but the next time I return to Boston, I'll most likely stay somewhere else. 
A good base for visiting Boston We stayed in here for 4 nights and found the hotel to be what we needed, nothing more, nothing less.Primarily it is a business hotel, so you are not going to get waited on hand and foot and the restaurant and bar are going to be adequate. This was exactly what we found. Then again, why would you come to Boston for the hotel, when there is so much to see and do while you are here? Anyway, the room, we stayed in an executive room, I think booking through Expedia this is standard. The room itself was huge; the bed was the size of 2 queen beds and very comfortable. Unusually there was a coffee machine in there which was a nice touch, using Starbucks coffee if that sways you. Unfortunately the bathroom was quite small but had a bath, again unusual. We stayed on the 22nd floor and had a great view overlooking the Charles River into Cambridge, always good to wake up to in the morning.The location of the hotel was good; although just outside where all the tourist attractions are. There was a trolley stop right outside, we were attached to the Prudential Centre which has lots of shops and restaurants and has its own T station. It also within walking distance of pretty much all the attractions.If I had to find fault, the staff are ok, they were not overly helpful when we asked for things. Also as it is a business hotel, when there is a conference on it can get very busy, but as we were out all day it was not an issue.Overall, it is comfortable, good value and a good location for visiting Boston which I highly recommend. 
Needs some work Room service was quick, but the food was not very good, even for room service.My room was not cleaned properly - dirty towels weren't taken, or dirty towels were taken and then not replaced with clean towels.It was daylight savings time and no one bothered to change the clocks back, even days later.If it weren't so close to the Hynes Convention Center, I would have stayed at the Marriott. 
Sheraton Boston I stay at the Sheraton Boston very regularly with work and i think it's a lovely hotel. The rooms are usually very nice and the beds are amazing. The staff are helpful and i find the Starbucks in the lobby and the free internet computers very handy. The hotel is comunicated to the Prudential shopping centre which is also linked to the Copley shopping centre so you don't have to go outside for anything, which is handy in the snowy winters. The location is excellent, with lots of restaurants and shops at its doorstep and the famous Newbury street one block away where you can find some of Boston's best boutiques, bars and restaurants. If you are visiting Boston don't hesitate and stay here, you'll have everything you want at hand. 
Soulless A convention hotel, with capricious elevators, variable rooms, expensive bland food, mediocre staff for the most part. Conveniently located; would only recommend this hotel to those attending a convention at the hotel. 
A reaonable, if unremarkable, hotel There's little that's memorable or out of the ordinary about this hotel. The location, close to the restaurants, bars and shops or Newbury and Boyleston streets, and adjoining the Prudential Center, is great. The rooms appear for the most part to be on the small side. While clean and habitable, they're not luxurious and don't appear to have been modernised in the recent past. The whole place feels very much 3 rather than 4*. If you can get a room at a reasonable rate (I paid $110 via Priceline), then this is reasonable enough choice. While I wouldn't discourage anyone from staying, nor would I go out of my way to choose it over other alternatives. 
OK, nothing special Just returned from 6 nights at the Sheraton Boston. While the location was ideal for sight-seeing, the room itself was just ok. It was clean, but very small. The bathroom was desperately in need of renovation and there was no room for two to be standing in there at the same time. The linens were clean, but did not have the updated beds that other Starwood properties boast. The front desk staff was our only interaction and was pleasant and quick. I would stay here again for the location, but hope that they renovate before our next visit. 
Not too happy! Came to a conference, my other first choices of hotels were not available. I figured since this was close to the Prudential I would try it, even though I never stayed at a Sheraton before. It might be quite a while before I stay at one again. First I was disappointed, I had requested bay view and did not get it. Next no refrigerator in the room (which could happen for a charge). It advertised a gym and pool (again there is a charge to use this facility). Noise level is very poor. You can hear people coming and going with doors actually slamming. Coffee with styroform cups, however don't use one for soda or anything because the maid does not replace the cups/or the glasses near the ice bucket for that matter. On the plus side, the employees are very pleasant. Disappointed in the menu and the restaurant on the main floor, not Starbucks that was fine. They may say this is a bargain to stay here, but everything is ala carte........................... 
Great Boston Hotel As a Starwood Preffered Guest Member, we booked our stay at the Sheraton Boston Back Bay last minute with a deal using Cash and SPG Points. This was our first stay at this property, and we were pleasantly surprised with the what the hotel had to offer. We arrived at the hotel before check in and were able to get into our room without a problem. We had requested a King room and it was wonderful. Located on the 21st floor of the South Tower, we had a corner room with a great view of the city. The room was clean, comfortable and had very nice decor. The bathroom was small and simple. The only thing outdated about the hotel are the wood doors, but that really doesn't cause a problem. Our one complaint is the size of the hotel is very large and the Concierge and Front Desk continues to put you on hold. It took 3 times to get through to room service, but once ordered, the Service was prompt and the food was good. Also, we requested turn down service which is always nice to return to after a night out on the town.Overall, we had an excellent stay at the Sheraton Boston and would return again. Great location and amenities. 
Nice hotel, good location Spent about 5 nights at the Sheraton for a conference. The hotel wasn't cheap but the location is good  there's a Starbucks in the lobby for breakfast. The pool is small, but a welcome respite from the summer heat. Much nicer than the Philly Sheraton. I'd stay here again  the Back Bay location is nice. 
Very disappointing! I stayed at this hotel for a conference. I had a Junior suite with a mini fridge. No mini bar. Coffee machine present but only had paper cups with it. Way below my expectations for a 4 star hotel. Carpet was old, worn and actually had holes in it. None of the usual extras I would associate with the price like shower cap, bath robe, cork screw, shoe horn, etc. etc. Amenites included small shampoo and conditioner and a small bar of soap only.Room was large enough and with an OK view (on the 18th floor) but and furniture was old, worn and ripped in places. WiFi is extra. Overall a very disappointing experience. I got MUCH less than I expected for the price. 
Sheraton Boston suitable to disabled travellers Just back from a wonderful girlie shopping break in Boston staying at the Sheraton , Boston. The room allocated was wonderful giving me complete independence as a wheelchair user. The views from the room was stunning to say the least. The location of the hotel is excellent for visitors. The staff very friendly and helpful. Swimming pool as good as described in the hotel description. As the hotel holds many conferences we found the bar very busy and it was difficult to find space even to sit and have a cup of tea or coffee. We were fortunate to be able to use the private lounge for breakfast situated on the 29th floor - the Finish member of staff there was fantastic. I would recommend this hotel for someone who has limited mobility. 
I love this hotel! The city of Boston is one of the greatest places on earth rich with history and a culture all it's own. It is also home to my favorite hotel the Sheraton Boston!This is a grand hotel that sits in Boston's historic back bay. From the moment you enter the lobby you can feel this is a quality property. The staff that greet you are very helpful and check in is not usually a long process. I will state in all fairness that this hotel is expensive but I feel very much worth what you pay.The rooms were very clean and the pool and hot tub area was amazing. The beds were some of the most comfortable I have ever slept in and the room service was very good (although a bit pricy) and came in a very short time. If staying and you have the means, stay in a club level room overlooking the river. At night you can sit on the window sill and see the beauty that is the back bay.The hotel is connected to the Copley Plaza and one can leave their room and have dinner, go shopping and take in desert without ever going outside in the weather.This hotel is located in a great position to take in all that is Boston from Fenway Park (GO SOX!!) to Quincy Market all accessible via the T subway system.There is internet access and would be perfect for the business traveller. I hope this review is helpful! 
Nice hotel, good location, superb views Stayed at this hotel at the end of September. Had a lovely room on the 20th Floor - south tower, with superb views of the city and over the harbour. We arrived in the city at 8.30 am and asked reception when we would be able to check in - were told we could have a twin room now or wait for a king sized later (which we were told was bigger) we decided to wait until the king room was available so left our luggage and went whale watching (which was fabulous) when we got back at around 1.30 we checked in. The room was large clean and had everything we needed. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The location is great for exploring the city and you are able to walk or take the T to anywhere really easily. We took the shuttle back to the airport which cost $13.00 at the end of our stay. We would stay here again when we return to Boston and would certainly recommend it to anyone. 
Loved the Sheraton Boston My wife and I spent 5 nights at the Sheraton Boston in June 2007. We enjoyed our club floor room with free breakfasts and evening happy hours. Room was large and comfortable with stunning views across the river to Cambridge; we could even see into Fenway Park. The location is terrific, walking distance to Fenway with subway stops nearby linking to various public transit options. The hotel is connected to a large mall with lots of shopping and dining options. 
Disappointing Choice This is one of the worst large hotels I have ever visited. The suite I had was filthy, and the food from room service was barely edible (the Caesar Salad was dangerously inedible). There is no WiFi.Two lamps do not work. Feels like a decrepit ocean liner.Despite the view and the location, I would avoid this place at all cost. 
Horrible Service Hotel Security in the Hotel was over zelious and caused a bad sceen which caused us to be thrown out on the street during a AARP convention. There was no rooms available in town. We ended up staying a hour and a half away. They overcharged us and charged a fee for early leaving! 
Not one to recommend This is a convention hotel and is therefore not really suitable for business travellers. When I arrived nobody helped with my bags and the reception staff need to be trained to smile and not look like they are lined up ready to be shot. There are also machines where you can check in so maybe they think everyone should use them!No safe, mini bar (not even a bottle of water), poor coffee/ tea making facilities, very poor toiletries. I had breakfast one morning and there was a poor choice and the food was dreadful, with the exception of the scrambled eggs which were beautifully cooked. The room was a high floor in the South Tower and was very clean, functional, the furnishings bright and cheerful. Day of leaving the bill arrived with a letter advising 1500 guests leaving today so use voicemail to check out, 200 cars so be prepared to wait a long time for your car. Wish I had read the comments on this site before my agent booked, first and last stay at any Sheraton Hotel... 
Don't be fooled by the attractive lobby - the floor I stayed on was a dump... Floor 20, older tower: One typically associates a major hotel in a world class city like Boston with quality. My room was nothing of the sort and contributed towards a major disappointment in my stay at the Sheraton Boston. The hall of floor 20 looks gravely outdated and very dreary. All expenses were apparently spared in decorating. Upon entering the room, the first offputting thing are the appearance of the beds. The beds, while comfortable, at first glance, because they've clearly got a kind of pillowy underpad, look unappealing and really lumpy. Just aesthetic, but not impressive at all - in truth,the bed was quite comfortable. The room looked as if it were fabricated in the late 70s and not maintained. The bathroom was the worst case of this. The ceiling was cracked, there was mold in the shower, and where there was once a lock on the bathroom was now a hole on one side and a circular piece of duct tape on the other. Thank God I was only here for 2 days but this place is a real dump. It's a shame too, because it's located in an ideal part of town right in the heart of everything. 
Functional Sheraton The Sheraton is a huge hotel and convention center. It is right in the heart of Back Bay. Once you are registered at the hotel you can use the internet area. There are free computers for use to surf the internet or check email. You are limited to 30 minutes at a time. You can also connect your laptop in this area. If you want to connect in your room there is a charge. The reception area is nice and inviting. The rooms, at least in the North tower are older and not up to the Sheraton standard. I found it difficult to get the temperature of the room at a contant level. The Atlantis Fitness facility is well-equipt but there is a $10 per day charge. The swimming pool is free of charge. 
Not Guest User Friendly This is not a user friendly hotel especially for women business travelers. To begin with, I took one of those small vans from the airport (the hotel does not have a courtesy van) which then took about two hours to get to the hotel as it had to go to Cambridge and couldn't find the house of two of the travelers. Then got to the room which was ok - a decent size on the 6th floor but absolutely no view except a lot of concrete buildings and quite a distance from the elevator. What I found really annoying was the lack of a room safe and other amenities such as a small fridge, pay bar, free internet in room, etc. I traveled with my laptop and some jewelry and it was most annoying to have to put them in the lobby safe....very inconvenient. I then became horrified, as I am not an animal lover and tend to avoid hotels that allow pets, that there was a very large barking dog two doors down from me - the people had left the dog in the room for the morning....Do you even wonder how they get these rooms cleaned after a large dog has slubbered and whatever else all over the room. I went and complained at the front desk re the barking dog and he said he would take care of it right away which I think he did as the people moved out that day whether planned or unplanned--I don't know. When I asked the front desk person why they allow dogs in the hotel, he told me they were very proud of their animal policy. Once I realized that they allow dogs, it explained the odd smell in the corridor - you know the type -- dog smell covered up by some sort of powder - ooooohhhhh - trust me, I will avoid the Sheraton Boston in the future. 
Pleasant hotel Stayed for 2 nights during a conference, all paid for. Check in and check out was quick and no hassle. Had 2 double beds so room was quite big, although not as good a view as the rooms opposite which has one double bed and therefore smaller. Bathroom is dated, and shower was leaking at the joint so did not have a good flow of water. One morning it took almost 10 minutes before the shower warmed up! There was no shower cap, although the shampoo and lotion were branded. The following day, the only the shampoo and conditioner were replaced. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. Overall it was a pleasant stay, although if I have to pay for it, I may actually choose a different hotel 
Got stuck in the North Tower And it wan't horrible but not great either. My stay was in July and I couldn't find a better hotel in the city for less than $250 - even on Priceline so I wound up at the Sheraton. The room was okay but the bedding needed to be changed upon check-in. The carpet was also quite soiled so I just wore socks the whole time. The plusses were very nice staff, good food and cocktails at the bar and the Starbucks location is very nice. Not my first choice but I wouldn't dread going back either. 
Nice Hotel, Wrong Location Impersonal block but efficient. Quick check-in and friendly staff. Good location if you want to shop at the Prudential Centre but otherwise you need the metro for downtown/ waterfront/ market districts and the Boston Metro 鈥楾鈥?is not the most efficient I鈥檝e been on 鈥?I鈥檇 always take a taxi to/from the airport now I鈥檝e tried both ways.Good room size with a nice view of Back Bay but lacking a safe. Relatively poor TV reception on some channels.Pool is nice 鈥?long pool with sliding roof. Changing areas cramped but workable. Bar is efficient and impersonal and quite dark - lots of sophistication if you like that kind of atmosphere. 
Pretty Good Location and Comfort       Standard Room at the Sheraton Boston Hotel 
Great Potential---irritating lapses We have stayed at the Sheraton Boston twice due to its location. It really is in the epicenter, as others have pointed out. We like having the Starbucks in the lobby and while we pay for internet access in the room, having free internet in the lobby for guests is a huge plus. We were checked in by a charming Brazilian clerk. So far, so good. The rooms, however, show a surprising lack of amenities for a hotel of this caliber. Yes, there is a coffee pot. But there was only one small shampoo the first day and never a replacement. No lotion, no conditioner, no shower cap. No make-up mirror. There was a bedside table only on one side of the bed (where is the other person supposed to put their glass of water??). One outdated (by 10 months) magazine guide to Boston. No mini-fridge, of course. No CD player, which would have been delightful, though not expected. Someone thought a comfy bed would take care of every need but forgot all the other elements that define a First Class hotel. WAKE UP, SHERATON!! 
Fabulous views and Great location Staying at The Club Level definetly had it's perks. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I enjoyed the daily complimentary continental breakfast and h'orderves in the Club Room lined with windows.I asked for a river view room which had a huge picture window with fantastic views of the city and the Charles River from the 27th floor. The hotel is in Back Bay and within walking distance of the T and all the quaint restaurants. Parking was the only drawback - on street parking for visitors is extremely limited, parking at the hotel is $39/day 
Great Location and service!! The Sheraton Boston was a great place to stay. It is close to everything and the T stop is very convenient. You do not have to leave the hotel- just go throught the lobby to the Prudential mall and catch the T. The trolly tours pick up right outside the hotel and the Duck tours are close too. The views are great from the club level floors. The service was excellent. Highly recommend. 
Worked for us Overall it worked for us. The price was great for this quality of a hotel. We were on vacation so it was a good location if you are going to go to both Fenway and the other tourist locations. Connected to the Prudential Center shops so we were able to eat breakfast every day there. It is a tall building with a big S on it so it is easy to find when you are walking back to your hotel.The room and bathroom were a little small, but nice. We had an amazing view of the city from our room on the 18th floor.Nothing spectacular, but it was clean and nice. Again, we weren't in the hotel much so it worked for us. 
Excellent Location, Bathrooms are Lacking       Double-Bedded Room 
Don't stay in the north tower We stayed for 2 nights on the last leg of our NE vacation. The hotel was recommended by a friend because it is within walking distance of Fenway. The location is very good. The hotel is attached to the Prudential Center, a shopping area, and there is easy access to the T. We had a package that included parking, which was key due to the fact that we were driving a Suburban with a rack and kayak on top. The place looks first-class from the lobby. However, our room was tiny, old, worn and not very clean. The hotel staff was very nice when I complained and they gave me a very generous credit on my bill. Some of the floors in the north tower apparently have not been updated in many years. The spa and fitness area was probably the best I have seen at a hotel. Food outlets, othere than Starbucks in the lobby, were lacking, but there is plenty close by. We were very disappointed with the room because the hotel otherwise would have been great. 
Great hotel, great location What a great hotel! We were on the 27th floor with an excellent view. Hotel is next to the Prudential and Copley Place Shopping Center. 15-20 min walk to Fenway Park (in case you're attending a Red Sox game).Hotel room was very clean, comfortable and the bed was excellent. This room really felt like home.The Sheraton offers valet parking for $39/night (quite reasonable considering the location). 
Great Location, Value not so Great We stayed at the Sheraton Boston for a conference during the first full week of August 2007. We paid a rate of $185 a night, which is much below the standard rate, but I feel that was still too much for what we received.The Sheraton is located in the Back Bay neighborhood, and the great thing is that countless restaurants, bars, shops, and sites are within walking distance of the hotel. There is plenty to see and do! The hotel is connected to a mall which has everything you could need if you forgot something (and probably many things you don't need but its fun to shop anyway!).I was disappointed in the rooms. We stayed on the 21st floor of the North Tower. We did have a beautiful view of the river and surrounding area, but that was the only good thing about the room. It was TINY! Hardly enough room to even store our luggage, let alone walk around the bed. The bathroom was tiny and dated. The bed was somewhat comfortable, but you could hear noise from next door and the hall at any given time of day. Housekeeping was great though.Everyone we encountered at the hotel was very nice, good customer service. The conference and banquet facilities were nice, but the food was mediocre at best. Bartender services at the dinners were terrible- one bartender didn't know how to make a cosmopolitan!I enjoyed my time in Boston throroughly, but I would probably search for a different hotel next time. I know the theme is Boston is expensive, but I feel like we could stay at a nicer place for the price we paid. 
Great Location This hotel was in a great location. It was close to the subway, malls, copley square, etc. Unfortunately, the hotel itself was not worth the money. Our room was extremely tiny and only had enough room for the 2 double beds in it. The walls were paper thin and we could hear the entire conversations of the guests in the next room...and they weren't even talking loud! Our room was on the end, next to the elevators...and we heard them going up and down all night long! Needless to say, we did not get too much sleep here. Fortunately, we only stayed 2 nights. I didnt find the staff very friendly and was a little disappointed in the lobby/hotel ammenities, also. There were lots of conference rooms, but not much else. We will definitely not stay here again. 
Can't recommend unless your company is paying For a work conference, I brought my sister along and we stayed at the conference hotel the Sheraton July 16-19 for a conference rate of $189/night w/o taxes, fees, etc. I remember checking the hotels鈥?web site for the non-conference rate and it was somewhere around $320/night. Here鈥檚 why I give it 2 stars:I had reserved a fridge and microwave at an additional cost of $60/stay but when I called to confirm the reservation before leaving for Boston, it was not on the reservation. So the person placed it on there. When I checked in I asked the employee if the fridge/micro were on the reservation and she said yes. Then the check in desk sent us to the wrong tower (south tower). But once we got to our 5th floor room in the north tower, there was no fridge or microwave so I had to call housekeeping. Only positive thing here is they appeared with both within 10 mins. But of course the fridge was not cold so that was an inconvenience since we had brought items we wanted to keep cold.The room鈥檚 view was of the fitness/pool area but luckily we don鈥檛 care about a room鈥檚 view. The room and furnishings were clean and in working order. The beds, linens  pillows were nice, soft, and comfortable but we expected more for the price; they were exactly the same as the ones in Portland for which we stayed at for $85/night. The heating/cooling unit worked great and kept the room at the temperature designated. Either the room was very sound proof or our neighbors on both sides were very quiet because we never heard a peep from either room.The bathroom was clean however the water pressure from the sink and shower head were not acceptable, way too weak. The water from the tub faucet was strong so we had to rinse our hair using that. We left a note for housekeeping with the tip but they only fixed the sink. My sister had to take apart the showerhead and found it almost completely clogged with black pebbles. After she cleaned it, it worked great. Too bad housekeeping could not fix it for us.The pool, whirlpool and sauna are free to use but I cannot speak to the fitness machines since we did not have time to use them. We wanted to use the whirlpool but the water was cold; not lukewarm but COLD! It did not get fixed until the night before we left, Thur. Not good because after a day of walking Boston we wanted to sit in the hot tub!The location is excellent. It is attached to the Prudential Center with shopping, dining and info about attractions. It鈥檚 an easy walk to Boston Commons, about a 陆 hour, and also close to Fenway Park and Newbury St, the Rodeo Dr of Boston. As two females, the area felt safe to walk day or night. The hotel offers guests free internet access in the lobby for 45 mins per session (maybe day?) but many times as many as a third of PC鈥檚 were inoperable. The hotel also offers access to a PC from which you can print your boarding pass but you need to know your flight number. If you don鈥檛, you need to go to one of the internet PC鈥檚 and get it; a bit of a pain.We were both very disappointed in the hotel and cannot recommend it unless you are staying for a conference and your employer is paying. But if you are paying, even at the conference rate, we did not feel it is worth the price. 
Confernce hotel Stayed during a conference. If you travel a lot, it's a pretty standard conference hotel. Good location connected to the Hynes Convention Center. I didn't use many of the services, but would say that the guest and meeting rooms are nearing time for renovation. Large rooms though. Good location. 
Fun weekend getaway I just got back from a weekend stay at the Boston Sheraton.What a great time we had. We had a club floor room which was very nice. My kids ,ages 7 and 9 , LOVED the pool. They had a ball swimming in it for hours despite those ridiculous signs cordoning off 1/3 of the pool for lap swimmers ( very annoying). The pool is not run by the sheraton so you cant blame the hotel for the pool. The bar service by the pool via room service was wonderful.....great frozen margaritas ! Yummy !!This hotel is in an amazing location.....perfect to go everywhere and anywhere. We did a duck tour, shopped at the Pru, walked around the back bay .Are the rooms a little tired looking ? Yes but it didnt matter one bit to us. We were there for rest and relaxation and fun and thats what we got. The service was always terrific from room service to the bell hops to the car valets.Our room floor was nice and quiet which was great since my kids went to bed at 8:30. The hotel was just about full when we were there as well.Very very busy place but still wonderful.This place is not the Ritz Carlton but it has tons of positive things going for it that makes it a terrific place to stay. Oh and the beds are very comfortable ( we slept like little lambs!) 
Pretty Good I stayed at the Sheraton from 7/28- 8/2 for a conference. The cost was $175 a night. I was put in the North Tower after checking in. It seemed a bit older and not as nice as some other Sheratons that I have been in. The bath tub hardly drained so when you took a shower it would fill up with water and the TV remote worked intermittantly. The perfect sleepers did not seem to have the nice pillowtop that I had experienced at other Sheratons. I called the front desk the next day and they said that they could move me to a new room. I accepted and was put in the South tower on the 14th floor. This was much better - halls were nicer, new carpet, better furniture, bigger room, granite in the bath - it was like a totally different hotel - much like a Sheraton should be. If you go, definitely get the South tower.The hotel is attached to a mall  the Prudential Center but is a bit far from tourist attractions. We took the subway (T) around everywhere. I heard that parking around town was difficult to find (plus the hotel charged something like $30 per night) so we decided on mass transit. $15 will get you a week long subway pass and you can get to the hotel from the airport using the subway if you don't mind hauling your luggage. We did it. You can get the subway pass right in the airport using a machine. Take the airport shuttle to the subway - head into town to the Government stop, switch to the Green E train and get off at the Prudential stop. You come up into the mall and have a little indoor walk to the hotel from there.They have a gym but it is $10 a day or $20 for a week. The free computers with internet access were great - they have about 7 in the lobby area. 
Don't let the hotel lobby impress you.... We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights while at a convention and was terribly disappointed the minute we stepped off the elevator. The doors were in need of some serious painting and the baseboards were beat and banged up. Our room was on the 25th floor of the North Tower (#2506) and when we walked in, the light just inside the door was hanging out of the ceiling. The bathroom is very small and the tub was in need of some serious scrubbing! The beds were very comfy and we slept great until 3am and the pipes were making noises inside the wall. Then again at 6am were awakened by the same noise. Finally after hearing that same noise again at 5am  six times between 6am and 6:20am on the second night, I called the front desk and asked what was going on. They offered to move us to another room on the other side of the hall, so we accepted. Once we arrive in our new room (#2038) we got a good nights sleep for the remainder of our trip. The walls were dirtier in the new room  there were big long black hairs on the ceiling of the bathroom. If we have a chance to return to Boston, we will certainly not return to the Sheraton. Being close to the convention center is not worth having a horrible room. I'd much rather have a nice room  have to walk a little to get to the convention center!! 
Good Business Hotel This is a mega-convention type business hotel connected to a shopping mall and Hynes convention center. Rooms are pretty good, standard Sheraton. Nice furnishings, TV, bedding  linens. They need to do some work on the bathrooms. Most fixtures and tile are dated, though they have the newer Speakman shower heads. Pretty good views at this tower hotel, too.They have a decent indoor pool with an outdoor deck chair area. The gym may be a bit small for the size of the property - it may be tough to get a treadmill during peak a.m. hours.One big plus, this hotel is a short walk to Newbury Street area with many unique dining and shopping options. Of course you can also hit the mall for your standard chain stores if that suits. 
well located for Fenway trip Used Sheraton points for a one night stay to see a game at Fenway Park. Though we were told at check-in that our room on Club Floor was a VIP Room, it looked like a standard impersonal business room. Small bathroom, standard amenities. As usual, very comfortable Sheraton beds. Housekeeping was quick to accomodate requests for extra towels. Fitness center better than most hotel centers. Starbucks is in lobby. Prudential Center and access to the T (mass transit) next door, as is Cheesecake Factory. Fenway is a 10 - 15 minute walk or less than $5 cab ride away. 
Has everything you'll need. I found this hotel to be perfect. Within walking distance of downtown and Fenway. There's a mall and convention center connected to the hotel. There's a Starbucks in the lobby, as well as a fairly nice lounge and bar, crowded by people from the conventions. There'e a T station around the corner, which connects you with the entire city. Duck tours start out back. The rooms were great, only exception being the beat up doors in the hallway. Our room had a king size bed and lots of space. 
Excellent Boston Hotel What a great place to stay when visiting Boston. Excellent location, friendly staff, clean, great service, etc... We stayed in the North tower with our 2 small children. They accomodated our request for a refrigerator  a port-a-crib within 30 minutes of our check-in (The port-a-crib was delivered  set-up about 5 minutes after we entered the room). Every staff member was friendly to us  the children. Our room was clean. We loved the convenience of the hotel to shops, restaurants  Boston history. You can even catch the famous DUCK  sightseeing tours right near the hotel. We would stay here again  recommend it to anyone looking to stay in Boston. 
good but a tad noisy I got a deal for 3 nights from American Airlines with an average cost per night of about $135 which is pretty good for Boston in the summer.The really good things: the bed is firm/soft in a very comfortable manner and the AC was QUIET!! The bathroom was clean. The overall room size was huge. The downtstairs internet computers were available 24/7 and there were enough of them so that there was no line. The nearby middle-of-the-road food choices were numerous with the Prudential Center mall and Boyston St. within 5 minutes and Jasper White's Summer Shack with good seafood across the street (and a bowling alley right there, too!). The noisy part - for some reason, every room's plumbing within 3 floors could be heard in my room, even with the bathroom door closed. 
Sheraton Back Bay Recently returned from a trip to Boston from Scotland to celebrate my husband's birthday. Stayed at this wonderful hotel with a beautiful room overlooking the Charles River. The rooms were thoroughly cleaned each day and you had the option ot have your bed linen changed each day. Would not hesitate to return. Clean and beautiful. 
Great location, great hotel We booked our stay on priceline and got a pretty great rate. Our staywas enjoyable, the hotel was beautiful and in a great location in Boston. The concierge was helpful. Our room had a great view (we wereon the 24th floor, overlooking the Charles.) All the amenities you would expect were found here, plus, we arrived quite early for checkin and it was not a problem. Very nice and professional staff. The tour busses leave from right across the street. (Try the tour which includes Harvard, Lexington and Concord. It was well worth the money.) 
Great Time at Sheraton My mom and I stayed at the Sheraton Boston from June 13-17. We arrived around 2 p.m. and there was no line to check in. There are apples on the counter for a great snack option.We had a room on the 25th floor with a great view of the Christian Scientist church. We had a couple of issues with sounds; we were able to hear our neighbor's conversation on night at 2:45 a.m., and we were able to hear some partygoers returning to their room one night. I read some reviews previously about rooms being to small; I did not feel that this was the case. The beds were very comforable. They had plush blankets that were great to sleep under. My only complaint would be that the vent in the bathroom was extremely dusty. The elevator was quick. We never had to wait long to get to where we were going. We did not actually swim in the pool but we did spend time reading by the pool. The indoor pool with a retractable is part of the Atlantis Fitness Club which is housed at the Sheraton. Hotel guests have to sign in. There are 2 lanes for lap swimming and about 2 lanes worth of area for free swim/play. Directly near the pool there were chaise lounges with plush pads. There were plenty of chaise lounges in a courtyard area adjacent to the pool. It was a great area to spend time in to relax and read a good book. The Sheraton Boston is accessible to a plethora of places and activities. If you get off the elevator at the 2nd floor, you have immediate access the Prudential Center shops which connect to the Copley Place mall. We frequented the food court at Prudential for a cheaper option for breakfast. There is a T stop (Prudential) that is very close, just be sure to the take the green line (Heath St.). We had a 2 day pass on the Beantown Trolley, which has a stop directly outside of the Sheraton. Copley Square, Boston Common/Public Gardens, and the Freedom Trail are all within walking distance of the Sheraton.I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and I plan on staying at this hotel on my future trips to Boston. 
Great Club Floor Room       Boston Sheraton - King-size bed 
Another great Sheraton in the US       table 
Good Hotel, Good Location I stayed at this hotel for a conference that was in the adjacent conference center. You cannot ask for a better location if needing to be at the conference center. The location of the hotel is perfect if you want to walk to Boston Commons, Fenway Park, or Newbury Street. Plentry of dining options around and a huge mall connected to the hotel.The hotel itself is pretty decent. Very good accomodations and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The points I don't like is that the fitness center is privately managed and so there is an extra charge and also internet access is extra. The pool though is free. Overall a good experience. If you're visiting and want to take in the Freedom Trail and the historic sites, you may want to stay someplace closer. 
Wonderful Location The hotel is in the perfect location if you want to be in Back Bay. It is connected to the Prudential Center and in the middle of Copley Square and Back Bay, with easy walking access to Newbury Street for shopping, Boylston for nightlife, and though a bit of a hike, walkable to Fenway, the theater district and Boston Commons. If you put your sneakers on, you can take a half hour walk to Faneiul Hall.The room itself was standard business class - clean, comfortable and spacious. The room lacks anything jawdropping or romantic. It is more for the business traveler with conservative, luxurious decor. The beds were comfortable and the view was poor, but if you want to feel comfortable in a clean, well maintained hotel, this is perfect for you. The bathrooms were mediocre, no granite or marble... I didnt have to wear shower shoes, but I didnt exactly feel like the shower was sparkling.The lobby was always super busy, and cans are lined out front all the time. Insider's tip - if you want to take the T, walk through the Prudential Center to Boylston and you wont have to go outside... Perfect tip in the rain.I would stay here again. 
no way is this place worth 400 a night! So I was so excited to stay in what was stated as a 4 star hotel after only being able to afford 2 or 3 stars. Wow was the Sheraton Boston a huge disappointment! Thankfully I only paid 159 a night thru hotwire, cause its barely worth that price.I asked for the south tower ahead of time but was told it was no longer available. The North tower was horrible. The carpets are old, the rooms are small and the bathroom had a huge crack in the ceiling. This hotel is really run down!!!!!!!, I can't beleive they charge about 400 a night for this place!On top of everything else they charge a dollar for everytime u make a local call from the phone in your room..........that is just pathetic!All it has going for it is its locationI would never stay here again! 
Great Service and Stay!       The Room 3 
Wow What a great Hotel The Sheraton Boston ( Back bay Area) What a hotel.. When I saw this Huge Hotel I thought ...O No it will be cold and unwelcoming, its too big to have a homely feeling.. How wrong I was ... It has something like 1002 Rooms and its totally awesome.. The staff I met in this hotel from the Housekeeping to all the restaurant staff to the Front of House people all were so friendly and helpful.. They really made our Party of 5 feel so special..Our rooms were Beautiful and the beds were to die for..I really can't recommend this Hotel enough.. The food on the Plate was like a work of art and a pity to eat this lovely Picture but every morsel we put in our mouth tasted great ..The Weather was beautiful, but even if it wasn't there would have been no reason to go out and get wet as their is the Beautiful Prudential Center and Shopping mall attached to the hotel, Boston is a Beautiful City Not too Big that its not friendly and Warm, Its Vibrant and colorful with Beautiful Tree lined Streets, If you ever go there make sure to take the Duck Tour I enjoyed this trip so Much also my trip to see Harvard in Cambridge just a short distance from Boston as a matter of fact everything exciting and interesting is within a stones throw of this Wonderful Hotel ..To all the staff I offer my congratulations on a Job well done and Please God I will be back to sample more of your wonderful Hotel and City..thank you for a wonderful 5 days..P.S. It also Has a Starbucks in the Lobby How kool is that.. 
Worst experience in hotel ever!!!! At checkin following a long days journey the clerk informed us that they were not obligated to honor requests made on priceline (i.e. non-smoking king size bed) Instead, he offered a smoking room- when I said that would not be acceptable he said he would see what he could do and then placed us in a small room that had handicap accessibility-large bathroom. He told us we should not use priceline in future since they do not always have a better deal. As 4:00 AM we awakened to horrible noise coming from the walls and ceiling. When we called the desk to complain we were told that someone was probably taking a shower. When the noise stopped I asked how we knew that it would not happen again. We were told that the only was was to send maintenance (now 4:15 AM) and that we could only change to a smoking room. We declined both. At 6:00 AM we were reawakened to the banging of the pipes. When we complained again and I questioned the conversation about priceline I was told that the first clerk should not have suggested that we purposely were placed in this room (with the noise) as a result of the priceline bid but that they do not honor requests made on priceline, expedia or hotwire. I asked why they participated. They offered to compensate us for the parking and told us we should have maintenance check it out- we did and they could not do anything to fix the problem since the nosie again abated. It resumed at 7:00 AM and when we lodged our 3rd complaint the manager (now the shift had changed) offered to change our room to Lo and Behold.....an available non-smoking room with a king size bed. We shifted rooms and slept for 2 hours before moving our daughter out of her college dorm later that day on only a few hours sleep. They comped us for the room. NEVER again. 
Fantastic place to stay We stayed here recently for a shopping break in Boston. What we really like about this hotel is the location. Its so easy to walk downstairs to the prudential centre and all that you will need is nearby. The rooms were spacious and the free computer use in the lobby was great. The only downside was the bathrooms were a little dated (but clean). Overall Id really recommend this hotel if you would like an easy break away. 
Stay away! We were there for 7 nights Apr 3 - 10 for convention. There are some positives such as the comfortable bed and friendly service. But we had to call every day to get our room cleaned because twice they forgot.The hotel is old and tired despite recent renovations. The bathrooms are tiny and remind one of Howard Johnson's. The bathrooms need to be gutted, bathtubs changed and new counters.They do not have a signature restaurant and offer a limited menu in the bar.And absolutely unforgiveable: THEY DO NOT HAVE INROOM SAFES.The only thing going for this place is the proximity to HInes Center. But you do have other options: Westin, Hilton and The Colonade. These places all have great restaurants and bars.I wouldn't go back under any circumstances. 
Loved it! My husband and I stayed at the Sherton for the Boston Marathon. It was in the best location...connected to the mall and the Marathon Expo. No need to go outside at all which was great considering the monsoon that weekend. The rooms were extremely clean and had a very soft comforter and the bed was fabulous. It was actually better than ours at home! Our only little complaint was that the toilet was in the same room as the shower. We usually like the toilet separate when we travel so one person can get ready while the other showers. Other than that, we give it a thumbs up and will stay next year for the marathon. 
No reimbursement for injury On the first morning of a posh vacation, I fell on slippery tiles at the Sheraton pool, cracking my ribs and breaking my shoulder. I don't know why they would have non-safe tiles at a pool in the first place. Anyway, the Sheraton referred me to the gym company that manages the pool, which referred me to Philadelphia Insurance Company. To make a long story short, I was offered just $100--no compensation for the cab ride to the emergency room, lost time from work, therapy massage, or any of my other expenses. No reimbursement for my medical care, medications, etc.--just for co-payments paid at the doctor's office.It's not about money--it is about being treated right. I am a working woman, a world traveler, and a kayaker, and I learned that just because a place has a great reputation doesn't mean that they will give adequate service. If someone falls on my front step, I know my insurance will treat them right.A little sympathy would have gone a long way. 
Very convenient location Stayed here for 3 nights while attending a conference at the Hynes Convention Center. It is very convenient if you are attending a conference there since they are connected together. You never have to go outside, which was perfect for me since it was very cold when I was there!The best thing about the hotel is its convenience. You are connected to the Hynes Convention Center as well as the Prudential Building and its shops and also Copley Place via a covered walkway. Newbury Street is also only a short walk away with all its shops and restaurants. There is also access to a T (subway) station via the Prudential Building.The hotel room itself was a little tight. I'm only 4'11 and I could barely move around in the bathroom! To top it off, the bathroom floor was slightly raised higher than the floor of the room so I either tripped over that little step or stubbed my toe b/c I forgot about that difference in the floor.Room service was fast and the food was good. There's a Starbucks in the lobby, as well as a bar and a restaurant. In the lobby, they also have several computers with free Internet access and near the Concierge desk there is a computer where you can print out your boarding pass.My only complaint is that there is no soundproofing through the door. You can hear anyone walking down the hallway, especially the loud ones. 
Worst Value I've Ever Gotten from a Hotel Stay I stayed in the Boston Sheraton for five nights for a conference I was attending that was in the Hynes Convention Center next door. I experienced numerous problems and general poor service during my entire stay.1. The check-in clerk didn't have all of the reservation information correct; I had to show her my copy of the confirmation, after which she mysteriously found it (although one of the other people I was sharing the room with had extreme difficulty checking in).2. The sheets were scratchy and the pillows were uncomfortable. 3. There was no mini-fridge in the room.4. The bathtub was not clean.5. Twice I had to call guest service multiple times to get extra towels and clothes hangers delivered - they never responded on the first call, even after an hour. 6. They charge $10 a day for internet access from the rooms, which is completely ridiculous.7. Even though the maids obviously knew that we had four or five people in the room because of the cot and the number of suitcases, they always left only 3 towels. They would also pick up the dirty water glasses, but not replace them with clean ones.8. We ran out of toilet paper and there was no extra roll in the bathroom.9. There were several people staying in the room, and we were supposed to split the cost according to the nights we had stayed. I have done this several times before at other hotels, and it has never been a problem; the hotel has always divided the charges correctly. However, the Boston Sheraton not only tried to charge me the entire amount (even though the other guests' names were on the reservation and I told them when I checked that we would be splitting the costs), they also had charged me twice for internet usage for the same day! In short, this was the worst value I have ever gotten out of a hotel stay - we got a special discount rate of $270 per night for a tiny, cramped, unlean room with small beds, uncomfortable bedding, an ugly view, and poor service. I will definitley never stay here again - I think I could had a better stay at the Motel 6 for about a fifth of the price. 
Very Good experience There certainly is a gap between the negative reviews on this hotel and my recent experience. My experience was extremely good and only marred by the size and updating of the hotel room.Heres my experience. Walked out of Back Bay Station through the Copley Mall and thru the Prudential Mall. Total time from train to Sheraton... 5 walking minutes. 2 T metro stops right at the mall, the Prudential and Copley stops.Checked in at 11am and they had a room. Bright, smiling lady checking me in and there were kiosks there if I needed one. Multiple elevators getting me to the 25th (non-club) room/floor and entry card worked this and every time. Room had a great view, was extremely clean, albeit, room size was small and bathroom was small. Good for 2 but would have been hard pressed for 4 people.Convention at the Hynes Center which is literally a 2 minute walk, again, thru the mall. Enough restaurants to lure a dog off the back of a meat truck and just a great experience. Newbury street is a very short walk outside and we had a great meal at a spanish tapas place on Newbury. Shopping galore everywhere........Checkout is at 12 noon, did not have the maids bum rush, bill was under my door in the morning and I checked out by leaving my name at a voice mail number. Walked back to my convention, thru the mall and onto the train at Back Bay.I don't know...... this was a awfully good stay. 
Have Stayed Almost 170 Nights in this Hotel As a frequent business traveler to this hotel, I feel I must dispel some of the myths of the previous reviews and provide a bit more insight into the hotel, when to stay there, and who to ask for when you have a problem.The hotel is in a perfect location for visiting Boston. To begin, Fenway is roughly a 15-20 minute walk through a nice area to catch a Red Sox game. If you need tickets, just go across the street (literally) to the Hilton where you鈥檒l find a small window that sells game day tickets at face value, best kept secret in Boston. The hotel is also attached/part of the biggest mall in Boston, so if it鈥檚 a rainy day, no worries, spend your day exploring the exceptional shopping (i.e. Tiffany, Louis Vitton, Gucci, Neiman鈥檚, Sak鈥檚, etc..) and various mid-priced restaurants. Additionally, there are two T stops located in the mall, so transportation to anywhere in Boston (and the outskirts) is a breeze, and again, you don鈥檛 even need to go outside if it鈥檚 nasty. Also, there鈥檚 a Starbucks in the lobby and Dunkin Donuts in the mall about 100 feet away.For those days where the weather is sunny and the temperature is right, Boston Commons is short walk east down Boylston. On the way you鈥檒l pass Abe  Louis steak house which I feel is overpriced for what you get (why in the world you鈥檇 eat steak in Boston is beyond me 鈥?keep in mind I live in Chicago) and their sister restaurant The Atlantic Fish Co. which is tasty, but expensive.Newbury street and their excellent shopping and restaurants is the next street North of Boylston so again, you鈥檙e roughly a block from one of the biggest shopping destinations in the US. Again, this place is about location, location, location.Onto the hotel, when you come in for check in, if the line is long, or even a few people deep, use the check in Kiosk鈥檚. They鈥檙e quick, easy, and if you鈥檙e an SPG member you get a bonus 500 points.The top four floors of the North Tower are the club floors, with the large club room on the 29th floor. Having stayed, or having co-workers that have stayed, in a vast majority of the Sheraton properties in the US, this club room is at the top. It鈥檚 large and provides and extensive Continental breakfast, including three cereals, fresh blueberries or raspberries, strawberries, melon(s), yogurt, cranberry, apple, and orange juice, milk and coffee, pastries, bagels, etc鈥he staff is excellent and very helpful and if you need an extra bottle (or four) of water or diet coke for your room there very happy to oblige. Please note, they always have glasses and mug鈥檚, etc鈥鈥檝e stayed in the hotel (four days a week) for over a year and one week where they changed out styles did they provide paper cups. Finally, there are two computers with internet access in the club lounge so if you鈥檙e on a club floor and only want to do a few quick searches, don鈥檛 pay for internet and just use the club lounge.Now, being a Platinum SPG member I鈥檓 always upgraded/given access to the club level so I wouldn鈥檛 know what the upgrade cost is, but I imagine if it鈥檚 less than $20-$25 per person (if you work out), it鈥檚 worth it for the savings on breakfast and workout facility. The evening hors d oeuvres are ok, they always have a desert cake or pie, two apps, fresh veggies and dip, assorted cheeses, and mixed nuts. Plus, the drinks aren鈥檛 necessarily cheaper, but poured a lot harder in the club room.As far as the hotel rooms on the club floors go, they鈥檙e ok, nothing really exceptional that separates them from the rest of the hotel. Mostly you鈥檒l feel like you walked into a Polo ad, the only real difference is that you get bottled water for free, access to the lounge, a more upscale (note I did not say larger) bathroom, and most importantly free access to the workout/pool facility (a $10 per person per day value). The rest of the hotel is nice, if you鈥檙e expecting the Ritz, don鈥檛, you鈥檙e not paying Ritz prices. If you want the Ritz, stay at the Ritz. This is a very nice Sheraton by nationwide Sheraton standards and if you get a good rate here you鈥檒l be happy.With regards to problems, coming from someone who spends roughly 150-160 nights a year in hotels, this place does an incredible job at taking care of the guests. Don鈥檛 be fooled by any other poster, I鈥檝e stayed almost 170 nights in this hotel alone, any issue or problem I had was resolved immediately, and if it wasn鈥檛 I was credited bonus points, rate reductions, free rooms, etc鈥ften times the problem was resolved immediately and I was still credited bonus points. Plain and simple, if you have a problem, don鈥檛 be a jerk, but go down to the front desk and politely ask for the manager, explain the problem, and it will be resolved ASAP.As with anything in life, there are problems or cons, here are a few of mine. First, the cable selection and TV鈥檚 are pretty basic. There are 15-20 channels (one movie channel) on a 27 inch TV, not horrible, just not good or great. The bathrooms are tiny; if you need a large bathroom, request a handicapped room. Otherwise, they are very small, unless you happen to get one of the two-three room suites at the end of the club room floors. Finally, there鈥檚 no wireless connection and the connection is fairly slow by my standards.Hope this helps. 
Best Hotel in Back Bay This was our second stay in the Sheraton and it confirmed our belief that it is the best hotel in back bay. This has been our 5th trip to Boston in the past 2 years and this hotel did not disappoint. I can't believe that this hotel is rated so low on tripadvisor, we have stayed in a few of the hotels that are rated higher and the Sheraton blows them away, it is not just a little better, it is unquestionably better.First of all the rooms are very nicely sized. It is not the typical shoebox you would expect on the east coast, there is room to move about the room and the bathroom are a decent size as well. Second the location is amazing. It is connected to an indoor mall, steps away from Newberry street, and close to a large amount of gourmet restaurants. The best part is how close it is to 2 subway stops. I almost forgot to mention free internet for guest in the lobby. After paying $12 an hour in other hotels, I especially like this feature.The staff were very friendly, the room was extremely clean, and we were able to get a great night sleep without noise the entire time we were there. I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there next time we visit Boston. 
Wonderful Stay at the Sheraton My wife and I just got back from a (3) day stay at the Sheraton in Boston. When we got there I was a little concerned because they were hosting an International Seafood Show, but my fears were unwarranted.We arrived early and the room was ready as soon as we checked in. We had a King Room in the South Tower (22nd Floor) that had a beautiful view. The room was very nice, clean and up to date. We explored the hotel and ended up going to the enclosed mall at the Prudential Center. We were able to walk all the way to the Westin without ever stepping outside which was very nice. The Lobby Bar was a nice place to unwind, the bartenders are very nice, drink prices are moderate for Boston, and the bowls of snacks were wonderful. The Sheraton is very convienient to Boylston Street where there are tons of places to eat (Vinnie T's was very good for local italian, and the Whiskey is a great place to unwind with a drink) and Brassiere Jo's has a great french breakfast (on Huntington behind the Sheraton). We walked to Newbury St. and then actually walked to the North End. Put on your waking shoes if you dare, or just take a cab. The Lobster Ravioli at Florentines was wonderful, and then a walk over to Mikes Pastries was a great way to end dinner.The people in the Sheraton were very helpful with directions or just general conversation. The same goes for all the people we talked to in Boston. I will definatly stay at the Sheraton when we go back. 
Good hotel, great location. Good price on a discount hotel website and great location make this hotel a winner. The room was nicely decorated and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small and dated, but clean and bright. Hotel staff was helpful when we needed them, and check-in and out was a breeze. 
Nice but a little noisy Stayed at the Sheraton for 4 nights in February with my Mom  sisters. Check-in was quick and friendly, room well decorated, bathroom a bit dated. Location is perfect if you want to shop. Our only complaint was the noise level. There were some conferences on during our stay, but they seemed to be students  they did make a lot of noise at night time. If you are looking for personal attention, you will not get it at the Sheraton, if however you prefer being anonomous in a hotel with good facilites you will get it at the Sheraton. Be sure to ask for the South Tower, we stayed here. One day I went by accident on the North Tower Elevators  the difference just even in the corridors was very obvious. 
Excellent Stay at Sheraton Boston Both hb and I spent one night at the Sheraton Boston on 3/3. We were warmly greeted by the reception upon arrival. Check-in was smooth and quick. Our request for a South Tower room was acceded without discrimination though we're Priceline customer. We got a real nicey room at 22 floor with a great city view room.Everything about the room was great except the bathroom. Yes, it was clean but it looked old and worn-out, a huge misfit or else it would have receive a perfect score.Valet was efficient and friendly but a rip-off at $39 (excluding tips). Good thing was we could draw our car from hotel by latest 4PM after check-out, so we could at least still wander around the city for 4 more hours.This hotel is the best in its excellent location. Very easy access to Prudential 'T' station by walking through Prudential Centre. The best deal we ever gotten from Priceline for such a great accessible place. 
Good if you are attending a conference I stayed at the Sheraton Boston a total of 3 nights in Feb 2007. I was there for a conference. My check-in was a breeze. I was given a handicap room in the South Tower (I was told the handicap room is slightly bigger than a normal room). Overall, the room was average at best. Nothing fancy but the bed was comfortable. I would have like it if there was a small fridge. Here are the positives: free internet access for all hotel guests at the lobby, Starbucks located right at the lobby as well. If you prefer Dunkin, there is one located at the conference center entrance. There is also a 24hrs supermarket located across the street from the Marriott. The hotel pool is nice and is free to all Sheraton guests. On my first night there, a hotel gym staff told me it is $10 to use the pool - he obviously did not know what he was talking about (the $10 fee is for the gym).Here are the negatives: Hotel parking is $39 a night, there is a small parking lot located across the street from the Sheraton - they only charge $20. My room had a somewhat loud air-conditioner.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton. Don't expect too much from the hotel and you will enjoy your stay as well. The next time I will try the Westin instead of the Sheraton. 
Sheraton Rocks Stayed at the Sheraton for 5 days for a conference. Great conference facility, but I was pleasantly surprised by friendly staff and confortable room. I did request the South Tower - and with a warning that it might take a minute for the water to warm up, was on my way. I received a call 5 minutes later to verify that everything in the room was okay - great service. I loved the room and it was extremely clean.Props to Linda and the staff in the lounge- friendly and helpful with tips on what to do in the city. Great place to meet, hang out and relax at the end of the day - or the beginning of the evening.A couple must-dos while you are in town: See the Prudential tower - I got in free, and not sure if it would have been worth the $11, but a great panoramic view and decent audio tour of the city. After you catch the lights, head up 2 more floors to the restaurant. As expensive as you would expect for dining with a view, but a great value - excellent crab cakes and a fascinating raspberry drink called Purple Rain. Wine was resonable too. Also, walk the Freedom Trail. Good times on a nice day - plan plenty of time to stop for snacks at the market. 
Good convention place My wife and I stayed there for four nights during a business convention. Overall it is a great hotel: excellent location for shopping and sightseeing (if you fancy walking), good room service, nice amnenities such as the swimming pool, the Starbucks downstairs and the link to the shopping mall. Rooms are very comfortable even if a bit small for a couple (we had to take a Queen size due to a reservation mistake from my company). The service is perfect. I am sure one can find better places elsewhere but it fulfilled my expectations. 
Nice hotel,great location We recently spent 1 night at the Sheraton for a Valentine's Day getaway. I had requested the South Tower based on reviews I read here. They gave us a nice room in the South Tower, can't comment on the North Tower-didn't really see it. Hotel is in a great location. Went to Top of the Hub for dinner-excellent!! Also, visited the North End-Little Italy-great area, can't wait to go back. Had breakfast pastry from Maria's  also Mike's Pastry-great. Now we want to go back for an Italian dinner! Took a cab from Sheraton to North End-about 11.00 each way-well worth it. 
Better Hotels Elsewhere There are other better hotels in Boston. The lobby  Starbucks were great but you can get them anywhere. Our room had a good view but a terrible odour which eventually we worked out was a damp smell emanating from the floor where the carpet was soaking! Check in was no fun - rooms we booked were not availble and only after complaint did we get something vaguely acceptable. Porters were surly and unhelpful. Location was good right next to the Prudential Centre and handy for good restaurants etc. 
Would not return The location is excellent for exploring Boston. We had booked a room on the Club Floor but unfortunately our room was located directly across from the access to the lounge. This meant that we were woken at 6.30 am from the continuous stream of hotel residents and staff going in and out of the doors which rattled and banged, causing the door to our room to rattle on its hinges. The room itself was a good size but in need of updating. The bathroom was very small and shabby. The sink had a huge crack in it.Given the problems with the location of our room, we were immediately upgraded to a suite at no extra cost for the duration of our stay. The suite was a good size but again the decoration was in need of updating. The Club lounge is not what it could be. The buffet breakfast is of good quality but extra staff is required as there were frequently tables that were left uncleared for long periods of time. I found it incredible that in the club lounge, you were not provided with mugs, cups and saucers or glasses for drinks. Only paper cups were provided!!The staff were extremely helpful and courteous, however, this hotel falls far short of you expect for the price. 
Great Booked via Sheraton.com. I have stayed here twice, and loved both stays. I love the Starbucks in the lobby, and also being so close to the center of Boston. 
Great location, hotel!          Entrance from the Prudential Center. 
Great start, bad finish I wanted to go to Boston for a birthday weekend and was able to get the Sheraton by using Hotwire and Priceline (I was originally only going to stay one night and then added a second night, and I got a better deal on Priceline than Hotwire). I emailed the hotel to make sure my reservations would be tied together in the computer and asked for the nicest room possible as it was for my birthday. I immediately received a response offering me a one-bedroom suite at no additional charge.Check in was smooth, the room was great, the free internet in the lobby (they have computers you can sit at and access the internet by entering your name and room number - it is free) was an added bonus. The lobby also contains a Starbucks. The hotel is convenient to a T stop and the Prudential shops. My only issue is that my digital camera was stolen from my hotel room. I can't say exactly when it happened, but my best guess is while housekeeping was in my room they left the door open and since it was a suite someone easily could have walked in and grabbed my camera while housekeeping was in another part of the suite. I didn't discover it missing until I checked out. Hotel security did take a report, but that will likely go nowhere.I would still stay here again but be more careful with my valuables. 
Dismal stay so don't expect much My stay at the Sheraton was very interesting. I had stayed there a few years back and was not impressed and probably would not stay there again, however I decided to try Priceline for the first time and was excited to get a rate of only $90 per night for two nights for a so called 4 star hotel in Back Bay. Then I saw it was the Sheraton that accepted my bid. I did some research and many sites indicated that this hotel just went through a 73 million dollar renovation. I was excited thinking all rooms are redone and nice and this would be a great stay. Boy was I in for a shock! I was put in a room on the 19th floor in the north tower and right off the elevator I could tell nothing has been remodeled or changed. Everything dark and depressing from the 60s or 70s. I entered into a dismal room with so many issues. A small dirty bathroom with mold in the shower area. Dirty grout on the walls and floor of the bathroom. A rusted out shower curtain rod. Chipped and pealing paint on the door frame. The room itself had a dirty carpet. Stains on the walls. Door to the room and closets are original from 1965 when the hotel opened and are all dinged and dented and look terrible. In room TV would not display the channels so you never could see what station you were on. Cleaning staff missed many things like leaving more toliet paper and ice bucket liner. The only thing I can say positive about this hotel is that the check in staff were very nice and the climate control system worked very well. Other than that, it is important that people who choose this hotel know that if you stay there demand to be put in the south tower or stay elsewhere. The south tower has been totally renovated. I went to a few floors to look and the halls are all modern and nice. Some floors stated they are for preferred guests. My own personal opinion is that anyone not paying full price is not a preferred guest and you get stuck in the dismal north tower. Don't be fooled by this hotel being connected to shopping malls, etc. There are so many better hotels I have stayed at in the general area with much higher standards. I did write to the management of Sheraton who agreed the room was terrible and pretty much just said sorry and they will address it, hope you try us again. Trust me that won't happen! 
Sheraton was a great base       near the aquarium 
Generic Conventional Monster Huge Wanna-Be-Trendy Cookie Cutter       view from our room 
great location A great location for staying in. The T is a two minute walk and with connections to the Prudential shopping mall everything is close by.Make use of the free internet facilities in the lobby and there is also a very busy starbucks. The hotel is great value for money and as we got an upgrade to a suite made the stay even more enjoyable.When travelling to the airport from the hotel get a taxi if there are more than two of you rather than a shuttle bus it works out a lot cheaper. The bell hop will try and get you to use a shuttle bus he is on commision use a cab. 
Highly recommended hotel in the heart of Boston Being starwood preferred guests, we were upgraded to a very nice executive suite with club lounge access. We were there for an extended stay due to a medical necessity to stay in Boston. The hotel managers were very accomodating, because we had to change departure dates several times. In adddition, they were nice about adjusting our rates when the internet showed that the hotel's rates were selling for less. The connecting mall served to be extremely useful for dining out and for buying necessities. The location was excellent in Boston, and the hotel staff couldn't be nicer. Highly recommended. 
Simply a fantastic hotel in a great city..... We stayed at the Sheraton Boston for 3 nights in November, which was our final stop on our 7 month round the world trip.Being on a budget we had originally booked the Days Inn, across the river in Cambridge but ever the alert when it comes to email offers, I was very interested by a rate of $149 per night which the Sheraton was offering direct.We had already stayed at the Sheraton back in 2004 and really enjoyed the stay at that time, which included a free upgrade to a business level room. We didn't think a room offer of $149 would allow us anything but a standard room, how wrong we were!!!!So to check in, as previous this was very efficient with a lovely young lady whose name escapes me at the moment. We had our credit card cloned on our travels, so every time we used the card there were numerous security checks that had to take place. She was on the phone to our card service provider for about 20mins, but not once did she complain. She was the epitome of customer service.So check in complete and we headed off to our room. It wasn't on the business floor but we were not too bothered, we wouldn't be staying in the room for very long anyway. However we did notice once we got to the floor our room was on, that it was right down the corridor, the final room in fact. When we entered the room we were totally blown away, it was a suite!!!!! It was huge, there were 3 different sections to the room. Firstly a bedroom with the great sleeper bed and walk in closet, a hallway area which led to the bathroom, and a lounge area with a sofa, 2 chairs and the biggest television you could ever wish for. It was such a surprise and a great way to end our round the world trip, just beating the suite we had at the Ramada Hong Kong and the room at the Novotel Hong Kong airport for quality.I would say that the bathroom didn't quite match the quality of the rest of the suite, but it was still very nice. A little on the small side compared to some we have had in the USA.A further surprise followed about an hour after check in when there was a knock at the door. In came room service with the biggest tray of cheese, biscuits and fruit and also a bottle of red wine. The lady on the front desk had seen it was my birthday in the coming week, and offered this gift to us with the compliments of the hotel. What a nice touch!!All in all the room was fantastic, but you would expect that with it being a suite. The walk in closet was almost as big as a room at a Motel 6, it was just amazing. What surprised me even more was that this was a reduced rate, $149, normally it was $200 more than that a night according to the reception staff and that was just for a standard room.The hotel itself is in brilliant location within the Prudential Center. Walking distance to all the attractions Boston has to offer, and for those that require a T ride, there is a station right next to the hotel. There is also a Cheesecake Factory as well, always worth a visit.Boston is a great city but we tended to find that it was still quite fresh in our minds from our visit in 2004 and didn't quite have that wow factor it did the first time. However our round the world ticket left the USA to go back home from Logan, so it made sense to have a few days there. It is just a great city to walk around.We would certainly stay at the Sheraton Boston again next time we visit the city. The staff are so welcoming, probably the best we experienced in 7 months travel and always seem to try and give you that little bit extra, on this occasion a wonderful suite room. It was a great way to end our round the world trip.One final extra plus as well, there are free internet terminals (provided by Yahoo) in the lobby of the hotel. Log on with your room details and you get 45mins in any one session. There is also wi-fi available. Another huge plus from this great hotel. 
Nice!       View from my room on 24th floor 
Loved the Beds !! We have just returned from a fabulous stay in Boston. This was our first trip.We stayed in the Sheraton and right from the start we were made to feel very welcome. The staff were very courteous, helpful and friendly especially - the Concierge.Our room was great.. The bed was the most comfortable I EVER slept in, the pillows were plump and luxurious. I WAS on cloud nine. The bathroom was a little small and the bath was slow to drain, however I am certain if we had mentioned it to reception that it would have been sorted. The whole room was spotlessThe hotel is in a fabulous location, just beside the Prudential Centre, a couple of minutes walk for the T. There is a covered mall joining the hotel with the Prudential Centre (150 shops Approx) and the T. This means that in wet weather you do not have to get your tootsies wet !We ate in the bar on one night and it was delicious, the surroundings were lovely.The breakfast was plentiful but unimaginitive.Did not use the leisure centre as we did not have time, it did not look very inviting, but I really can't comment from a first hand experience.Thoroughly thoroughly recommend this hotel 
The Sheraton is a great hotel! We have just returned from a fabulous stay in Boston. This was our first trip and we were looking forward to exploring a new City. We stayed in the Sheraton and right from the start we were made to feel very welcome. The staff were very curtious and helpful. We were very impressed with our Suite, which was upgraded when we checked in. The hotel is in a fabulous location, just beside the Prudential Centre, a couple of minutes walk for the T. Each evening, after dinner, we sat in the bar and enjoyed our surroundings. We also used the leisure centre where we enjoyed a relaxing swim, sauna and jacuzzi. We would certainly recommend the Sheraton to anyone wishing to stay in a comfortable, friendly, spotless hotel. We will be back. 
Sheraton Boston is a great place to stay My partner and I stayed at the Sheraton for three nights during a holiday in the New England area and loved it from the start. The room was big, bright and very nicely furnished. Housekeeping was excellent and we certainly enjoyed the company of Robert the barman! He makes a mean Long Island Iced Tea! The fact that we could walk straight into the Shopping Mall from the hotel without actually having to go outside was a bonus. We returned to Boston at the end of our holiday but had to stay in the Hilton as the Sheraton was fully booked. Unfortunately the Hilton did not compare as favourably - we thought the Sheraton was every bit as good as the Hilton and less expensive. The bar in the Hilton lacked atmosphere and very few people seemed to use it. The one aspect of the Hilton we would rave about was the concierge who was extremely helpful - in fact she was the one thing that we were impressed by. 
Gemeric Convention Hotel Stayed there because it was the conference hotel and we had a sizeable presence at the convention center, and sponsored events in the hotel. My non-smoking room reeked of smoke to the point that my belongings also began to absorb the odor and it was uncomfortable to sleep. Housekeeping did nothing, not even a spritz of Febreeze despite repeated requests to front desk. A cot stayed in front of my door in the hallway for at least a day, and it was very noisy - but that was due mainly to location adjacent to elevator. Parking was typical Boston pricing. Self checkout was a nice touch. A visit in July 2005 (another conference/convention) had at least the benefit of a thoughtful concierge. 
Positives and Negatives Positives: 鈥?The service at the front desk at check-in was excellent. All of our questions were answered and we received an upgrade to a larger than average room. 鈥?The location couldn鈥檛 be better. Being connected to the Prudential Center, Hynes Auditorium Convention Center, and the Copley Place mall through indoor walkways is a huge plus. Excellent restaurants and shopping are within walking distance.鈥?Comfortable bed with lots of room. Higher floors have great views as well.Negatives:鈥?In general, the floor we were on (the 11th) was in need of an update. The hallways were dingy and dark. The carpet and the drapes in the room were worn and tired. 鈥?The bathroom was extremely on the small side. 鈥?Parking was $39 per dayOverall we had a good experience not a great one. Because of the location, comfortable beds, and good service I鈥檇 stay again if necessary. 
International convention I stayed at this sheraton hotel for my first Key Club International Convention. I absolutly lovedv my stay there and would definitly recommend it. The only fasult was the cleaning staff they were very unfriendly and rude. My advise stay out of their way!!! What made my stay even better was that the prudential center was connected so ther was lots of shopping fun. Another tip the marriot has much better shopping places and you can get there via the prudential center. roomservice was exzcellent definitly order room service while you are there. Have fun!!!!!!!!!lol 
Better than I expected I too was nervous after reading the extreme experiences of other travelers. My experience turned out to be one of the good ones. I booked the hotel through Priceline and had two rooms. We were able to check in a few hours early and the desk clerk upgraded my parents room so they would have a river view. The hotel itself was nice - the rooms are slightly larger than other city hotel rooms. The concienge was extremely helpful to us. My mother fell and needed a wheelchair and she spent 15 minutes with me helping track down a place to rent a chair for the reminder of our time. The location of the hotel is great - it would be a good choice during the winter - you can walk for 15 minutes and never be outside! All in all I found the hotel to be about what I expected - not spectacular but not the horror story of others. 
Pleasantly surprised After reading some of the previous reviews, I was a bit hesitant about staying here. However, the hotel was very nice- it is only a couple of blocks from Newbury Street, it has a Starbucks in the lobby, and our 9th floor room had a nice view.The only drawback, and the reason that I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars, is that the parking is $40/night!!!! That pretty much killed any plans I had to rent a car- I think that it is crazy to pay more to park a car than to rent it!Still, not a bad choice, especially if you aren't driving. 
Great stay at the Sheraton!! I ended up at the Sheraton after a horrific stay at a different hotel. I called the hotel directly at 2 in the morning and asked if I could check in as early as possible. They were very accomodating and gave me a 9am checkin. The price was not bad for a weeknight in Boston - $249.The hotel is well maintained, friendly staff, plenty of free internet computers. The room was nice, beds super comfy, and clean. This hotel is attached to the Prudential Center, so easy access to shops and restaurants. The staff was very helpful and polite. I would certainly go to this hotel again in the future. It was a good price and in a great location near the T stop and shops. 
really special This was our first time staying in this hotel one word covers it all WOW . The staff were very very helpful, the rooms were wonderful Will we return?? You bet we will soon as possible 
Good Location I stayed at the Sheraton Boston hotel for three nights in mid June 2006. I was attending a work conference at the property and the room rate was $229 per night. The hotel was nice and the fitness facility was decent. The property has a convenient walkway tunnel to the shopping that leads to the Marriott Copley place. Also, the hotel is very convenient to the famous Newbury and surrounding streets. I enjoyed this location very much! 
Great View! I got a room with the view, and it was gorgeous.. you can see beautiful night scenes, and sunrises.. It's really romantic. Amenities are clean, and well attended. I will definitely go there again! 
Beware - Hotel is UNSAFE!! We stayed at this property for a weekend in June, and during our stay, someone broke into our room late at night and stole our camera and purse (while we we're sleeping in the room!). What makes our experience worse is how the Management has handled this issue since it occurred. They have refused to allow proper authorities to get involved, have withheld information, and all of the managers onsite have refused to return calls and not followed up on providing the information they've said they would. In addition, they've denied all responsibility, both for the theft, and for their lack of follow-up to our requests to resolve the issue.Unfortunately, I can no longer recommend this property, and would let all travellers to this hotel to think twice, your items and personal safety are at risk. And, you'll be in for quite a run-around with the management on-site. 
Loved the Sheraton I went to Boston on a business trip, for a genealogy convention at Hynes Convention Center, and had read lots of bad things about the Sheraton here, but didn't have much choice because they were the ones that had a discount for the convention. However, I was extremely happy with my stay and loved every moment at the Sheraton. The check-in went fast and when I told them I had never been to Boston before I got a room at the Starwood Preferred Guest level on 24th floor with an amazing view! The room was perfect and was very well cleaned every day. The hotel was of course close to Hynes Convention Center but also to everything else, like the Prudential Center and Copley Mall and it felt safe to walk around inside to these places late at night. As a woman travelling alone I really appreciated being able to reach all the restaurants and shops without going outside. Also within walking distance to Freedom trail and all other sights. The staff was very nice and helpful and the hotel room was just perfect, as well as the Starbucks in the lobby that gave me the caffeine I needed before a working day. Do stay at the Sheraton, you won't regret it! 
Avoid this place I am surprised that this place is part of the Sheraton group. My room was very small. The bathroom had a cracked sink, peeling paint and a door that had been severely water damaged. The cover to the air conditioning unit fell off one evening. This hotel is in desperate need of renovation. 
Spent 10 night- Overall very good Our family (2 adults, 1 teen) spent 10 nights at the Sheraton end of June through July 5, 2006. Overall it went very well. I had been concerned as some of the hotel reviews had been pretty negative.Here's what we experienced: Great lobby, fully wired for Internet (use their computers or your own), Starbucks, lounge, easy access to Prudential stores..it was fantastic location.Good service when we checked in. Front desk switched our room (made on Hotwire) from a queen to two doubles (so we didnt have to get a cot for our teen). She put us on the 25th floor with a fantastic city view. Room is nice, clean, but very tiny bathroom. It was all clean, but the tile in the tub seemed old. Our maid didnt dust much! and she forgot towels/soap a couple times. Beds were very comfortable. We paid about $175/nite for 10 nites through Hotwire. We asked for a small fridge for the room (no charge). We stored cold cereal, milk, water etc so our teen had is breakfast in bed! We made coffee in the room or went to Starbucks. We had a blast in Boston. The Backbay is a fantastic, convenient place to stay. Boston is my hometown, so maybe Im biased! I would stay here again, if we could get the same or better price. We checked out the Hilton across the street, and Sheraton has much nicer lobby.My one gripe: You have to PAY to use any sort of gym equipment. Although the indoor pool is free. Also, forget parking a car. There is NO discount for parking it anywhere from this hotel. 
Very nice stay.....few issues though Stayed here for 5 nights in August for a Conference. I'm a Platinum Starwood member, so was contacted in advance asking if I had any special needs. I asked for a Charles River view, 2 newspapers, and a refridgerator. Got an email confirmation from them confirming my requests.When I checked in, they confirmed all these requests and gave me a junior suite on a high floor with a fabulous view. Room had a sofa, coffee table, and easy chair, in front of the bed. This was nice, but the TV was very far from the bed, and a bit hard to see. The desk was set up facing a wall, so you could not work at the desk and watch TV (your back was facing the TV). The lighting in the room was non-existent. A desk lamp, one floor lamp, and 2 dim bed-side lamps. Not very conducive to getting any reading done!Bathroom was TINY, and you could not get out of the tub without closing the bathroom door. Also, there was a pair of boxer shorts hanging from the hook on the back of the bathroom door!!!! ICK. Made me wonder if the maid had really cleaned the bathroom or if she couldn't get in, since it was so small.Bed was comfortable, and hotel was very quiet. I also like the fact that there was an express elevator to my floor, so I didn't have to wait with the masses.....Hotel is huge, and a does a big convention business.....lots of amenities, including a full size Starbucks in the lobby and lots of internet terminals next to the Starbucks. Hotel is also connected to the Prudential Mall, so very convenient for shopping and dining. There is also a T-stop (subway) located off the mall. All in all a nice stay..... 
fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The best hotel i have ever stayed in       view from are hotel 
nice hotel - seriously overpriced :( Stayed here for two nights in September. Very nice room on the 26th (Club) floor which included free breakfact in the club lounge.Very large hotel, nice sized room with large, comfy bed. Bathroom was very small and pokey though (I hate getting out of the shower and having to step over the toilet!)Pretty good location - close to lots of interesting stuff.Only downside is price - I don't normally comment on price as, usually, you get what you pay for and if you can afford it, then it's probably not an issue.But $900+ for two nights just didn't seem worth it. $16 for Internet per day, $huge costs for parking and $50 for a five minute phone call to the UK!!I liked it but wouldn't stay here again. 
Lovely hotel Friendly staff, clean and modern hotel - newly renovated, excellent location. Couldn't ask for a better 4 star in boston! 
Not a 4 Star; but we keep returning! We booked our room on July 3 for 2 nights. I was able to use Starwood points to pay for the room. Our room was a river view on the top floor. We saw the fireworks from our room!! As always with Starwood, the beds were comfortable and the room was quiet. The pool at this hotel is wonderful. However, there were service issues; room never made up after our first night  room service was not delivered on time. In summary, we have been here many times. We like this hotel. It's not perfection, but we will return. 
Bad experience with front desk The front desk mishandled everything from the beginning:- they said there were only smoking rooms, even though we had booked a non smoking one.- after some negotiation they found a non smoking room an hour after our arrival.- then even after explaining multiple times that the room had been prepaid they charged our credit card again.- when trying to fix that on the phone a week later, the woman in the front desk was _laughing_ when confronted with the prospect of a refund.The hotel was nothing more than what you would expect for the price they charge. 
Overbooked I had a guaranteed reservation made on a credit card and arrived at 3am due to a nightmare journey from NYC. At this stage the desk clerk told me she had no room as the hotel was overbooked. After venting my anger on her, she agreed to send me another Sheraton across town. They paid the taxi and a free night's accomodation at the other hotel. When I got back the following morning to check-in again to this hotel, they had upgraded me to a suite in the south tower and given me 10,000 Sheraton points. So what started off very badly was ok in the end. The hotel is very well located and is a 20-30 minute walk into the main city. A tip for travellers to Boston, is to take the T (underground system). With all the tunnel construction, it is very slow in a taxi. It cost me $1.25 to get back to the airport from the hotel. The journey time is about 45 mins 
Location is great! Just returned from 4 nights at the Sheraton, located in Back Bay. While it is a massive (1200+ rooms) convention hotel, it still had some nice points. The concierge was wonderful and actually helped us find the impossible - tickets to a Yankees game at Fenway! Pool and hot tub areas were very large - nice sunning area. Rooms are just average - small but clean. Warning - this hotel regularly books up so Priceline buyers (like us) may not get their bed preference or non-smoking preference. We had to take a smoking room but they were great about spraying it for us and the A/C worked fine to keep the air fresh. The hotel is located in Back Bay near all the great shops and restaurants, a walk to Fenway, a walk to the river, longer walk to Boston Commons and start of Freedom Trail. It's connected to the Prudential complex with more shopping and food. All-in-all a great location for Boston tourists. 
Very poor customer service I recently visited Boston for a business seminar and arranged to meet my family in Boston for the weekend prior to the seminar. I made reservations at the Boston Sheraton 6 months in advance because I wanted to be sure we could get two connecting rooms. Because we had a baby with us, we figured we could put the baby to bed in one room and visit with family in the other. When I requested this arrangement, the reservation staff stated this would not be a problem.Upon arriving at the Sheraton, we were told that one room was ready but the connecting room had not been cleaned yet. This wasn't a problem because we checked all our belongings into one room and went out sight-seeing. Later in the afternoon we went back to the hotel and checked on the other room. At that time we were told that we didn't have connecting rooms and that they weren't even on the same floor. I was extremely disappointed and told the desk staff that I had requested connecting rooms 6 months in advance and was told they had been reserved. The clerk merely responded that they never guarantee rooms. If this is the case, the reservation clerk should have informed me of this at the time I reserved the rooms and I would have sought out another hotel. After I complained she reluctently said she would see what she could find. She finally came up with two rooms on the same floor, however they weren't connecting. We collected all our belonging from the one room we had been put in earlier and moved to the other floor. Upon entering the rooms, the one reaked of cigerette smoke even though it was suppose to be non-smoking. I think the difference between smoking and non-smoking was if there was an ashtray in the room or not. In the other room, there was an old newspaper on the bed and bags of trash on the floor! At that time I contacted a manager who ended up giving us a suite and one more room on a different floor from the suite. All this took approximately two hours of our time and resulted in moving three times! Upon check-out we encountered another problem. I had inquired when I made the reservation if the rooms had refrigerators. I was informed that the rooms did not come with refrigerators but they were available for a $ 25.00 charge, unless they were for medicine or baby food. I informed them I needed the refrigerator for baby food and they said there would be no charge, however when I received the bill, I was charged the $ 25.00.On the plus side, the hotel was in an excellent location and the rest of our stay was uneventful. However, I was very disappointed in the whole reservation and check-in fiasco and had to spent way too much time trying to straighten out the messThe next time I'm in Boston, I'll definately stay somewhere else. Location isn't everything! 
OK, but certainly not 4 stars The most contemporary features of this hotel are the contents of it's lobby. The kiosk check-in is nice, the interenet cafe is good, and the bar was comfortable (and serves a great Reuben Pannini). Oh yes, and the staff that I encountered were friendly and curteous. The location is good, we walked to Fenway Park for a game, and the wrokout facilities are are markedly above average. However, for the rate I paid (convention rate of $200+/night), the room itself should have been much nicer. My room had an amazing view of the Charles River but was musty, carpet well worn beyond its years (including large stains and burns from the iron), bathroom was very dated and worn. The bed was average at best. Furniture was old and certainly not 4-star quality.The bottom line is: if you get a great Priceline deal or some other set-up for cheap, then this hotel will do. But this hotel is marketed, priced, and sold as a 4-star property, it should do better to live up to expectations. 
Great Location, would go back We stayed at the Sheraton for a long weekend. They were very accomadating and gave us an early check in and a late check out. We had a spacious corner room in the north tower on the 14th floor. The room was clean, the bed comfy and although the bathroom was a little dated, it served it's purpose. The hotel location was great for us - close to the T and lots of dining options (we loved the Pour House on Boylston Street). The only negatives were that the resturant (I think there were 2, but we only found one) was always closed. Secondly, they charged for use of the fitness area. Also, they have the Yahoo link in the lobby with free computer and internet access which was great for us. If I was going back to Boston, I would definatley stay at the Sheraton again. 
The BEST! What a great place to stay, every is within walking distance. All the staff was vey helpful!!!! 
Good location Location is great for exploring city. Staff on front desk not exactly going out of their way to be helpful but we kept on asking! Breakfast on the expensive side but we found we didn't need to eat for the rest of the day. Good restaurants on Newbury Street for dinner. Decided to walk Freedom Trail but made mistake of arriving at visitor centre as walk going out. Fine if all you want to do is spend an hour in a grave yard! Tour finished by Quincy Market so continued on our own but we had wasted a lot of time so couldn't do the far side of the river. Room comfortable and clean. Also quiet at night. 
great location but extras missing My family and I stayed here for 4 nights before going to Cape Cod.this hotel is a great base for seeing all the sights in boston.Our room in the north tower was quiet and comfortable but had some drawbacks-bathroom shabby and basic.No refridgerator for kids drinks/water.Otherwise no complaints and i would recommend this hotel. 
Good for our weekend getaway We enjoyed the hotel. We're local and came in for the weekend with the kids to go to the theatre, museums, and just chill. As the other reviews indicated, the hotel could use some renovations but our room was good and we slept well. It rained all weekend so being close to the pru mall and having the indoor pool was key to the weekend success, We booked a non smoking room and the previous guest smoked in it - not good for our family so the bellman, deskstaff, and frequent-traveler husband dealt with the siutation immediately and moved us all quickly to a better room on the same floor.They also don't have bedrails for kids, so if you are traveling with kids be sure to prepare for safe sleep - our 3yo fell out of bed during the night and hit his head on the nightstand. Again, staff was excellent in bringing lots of extra pillows to pad the floor. They were also quite concerned about my child and hopefully will stock up on bedrails! I'm buying one for our next trip!Good back bay location - close to Symphony hall, duck tours, shopping, newbury street, hospitals, T station right at pru, 
Not as good as a Sheraton should be I expected more from a Sheraton. I stayed for 3 nights at the end of July 2006. The rooms were small, the bathroom doors were old and the bathroom floors were scratched. The A/C was not very powerful, there was no minibar, and my room, on a lower floor, had no reception area for my cell phone. On the other hand, the beds were very good, the check in and check out were smooth, and the in room service food was very good.Still, one expects more from a Sheraton... 
Sheraton Boston: Good Location, Fair Service It's hard not to recommend the Sheraton Boston Hotel simply for it's location. It's in the Back Bay, close to shopping and Fenway Park and other local attractions.The lobby is very nice and some of the employees are friendly.But, it's also hard to recommend the Sheraton. So I won't for these reasons: The rooms are old and in need of renovation. Paint on the walls of our bathroom was coming off and despite the marketing of the hotel's sleeper bed...it was very uncomfortable.The biggest problem was the concierge on duty one morning as we headed to check out the city's historic areas.The woman at the desk was all alone with no one waiting to talk to her but, you would have thought she was very busy because when we asked her how to find the subway line to Boston Commons she acted as if we were putting her out.She only said, Out the door and to the left. Thanks, sorry to bother you. We would later find out it was actually on another street and around the corner, thanks to a nice man on the street who was willing to help us.She gave us no details about which line to take...and we got a little lost.It was very frustrating after coming from an Inn on the Cape where the Inn Keeper provided every detail you would ever want to know to get around. Next time, we'll try the Marriott or another hotel in the same area of town. 
Great location. Very enjoyable stay. Our family had three rooms for 2 nights in June 2006 and, overall, our experiences were very good. Check-in and check-out went very smoothly and the staff at the front-desk was very courteous and efficient. The concierge and valet staff were likewise. The hotel location can't be beat. We were in town to see the Sox play and the hotel is a 5 minute walk to Fenway. It is even closer to the restaurants and shops on Boylston and Newbury Streets and being connected to the Prudential Center shops is a plus on a rainy weekend. There is also a T station about 2 blocks away. The hotel lobby and bar area are very nice and the free internet access on numerous terminals in the lobby area is a nice feature. All our rooms were nicely decorated and very clean, although a little on the small side. We paid $130/night using Hotwire which was a good value. Don't think I'd be willing to pay twice that amount as seen on Expedia and Travelocity. And the $39/night fee for valet parking is a bit steep but there aren't many cheaper options in Boston, unfortunately. We would definitely stay at the Sheraton again. 
good hotel but! Stayed for 5 nights, no idea of the cost as my company picked up the tab.The hotel is dated but had everything you need for this kind of break.Breakfast could of been better, best tip is eat elswhere.Staff were very good except for the bar staff who rarely smiled, expected tips, which I know is custom but surely you still need to give good freindly service ! the only one that showed good manners was Jerry. The bar waiting staff deserved the tips [which they did get] far more than the servers.The pool and gym area was a great place to relax and wind down in the sun.Rooms to Brit standards were good, roomy and great air con. Bathrooms were dated but did the job.All in all a good hotel in a good location but I do think you could do better. 
Need Serious Renovation The hotel is really overpriced given its standards.I was on a business trip and need to attend a conference at the hotel and was staying there 5 nites. First, the hotel is really old and the hotel room does not have enough lighting. Carpets are old and the bathroom is tiny just like a motel (nothing resembled a four/five-star hotel). The air-conditioning is noisy.... When we were at the conference, there was a mouse running across the hall. That really makes one worry about the sanitory conditions of the hotel. In addition, the lunch served at the conference is cold, tasteless and bad. If you can stay somewhere else, choose another hotel.. 
Pokey rooms Very disappointing for the price. When we booked over the internet for 4 people, we were told a king bed. When we arrived, we were given two small double beds in a pokey room, which was to cater for myself, husband, 21 year old daughter and 15 year old son! 
Great Location, Nice Facility I was in Boston on a mixed business and leisure trip (business Thursday  Friday, leisure Saturday  Sunday) and this hotel was a great choice. My daughter was at Berklee, which was just around the corner. We were able to take the T from the airport to the hotel, with meant that we avoided Boston traffic alltogether, and never had to worry about parking. Because of a conference in town, it was difficult to get rooms at a reasonable rate, but I went through an auction site and got a reasonable price. The rack rate for rooms at this hotel is pretty high, and had I paid the $380 they were asking, I would have been pretty disappointed. I love the kiosk check in - it keeps you from being at the mercy of a tired  cranky desk clerk. We got our keys and went right up to the room, which turned out to be some kind of suite with a sitting room to the right and a bedroom to the left. There were TVs in both rooms, which families would probably appreciate. The beds were amazingly comfortable - I slept like a log! We were in the North Tower on the 6th floor, so our view was the roof, and the gym in the South tower, but we didn't really care about the view. There are great views on the upper floors, or from the Prudential Tower which is connected via walkway. Room service was expense, but quick and good. They serve until 1:30 am, which was great for our late arrival. The only negative feature of our room was the bathroom, which was adequate, but dated and a little worn. Still, it was spotlessly clean, which to me is the more important quality. I'd rather have a dim shower and some old tiles than have mildew and dirt on new fixtures. The bathroom products were less than what you would expect from a Sheraton - more like what you'd expect from a Motel 6 - the soaps had a harsh, unplesant scent and the shampoo was Pantene. (I went to the Body Shopy in the mall, also near the hotel entrance, and picked up some better body wash and conditioner.)There is high-speed internet available in the rooms, but there are also Yahoo! Sponsored internet terminals in the lobby that were great for advance check-in on the return flight, or for printing out directions to restaurants, etc. Starbucks is also in the lobby, but I preferred to go to the Dunkin Donuts that is just off the 2nd floor walkway to the Prudential Center. Ironically, none of the people at the concierge desk were particularly helpful - in fact they usually looked like you were bothering them by asking questions. But the desk staff and the bell captians couldn't have been nicer and were very friendly and helpful. One of the front desk team let me use the club level lounge to hold a short meeing with a client on Friday morning, which was very nice of them. This hotel must think that it is worth its rack rates because of its location, but it still has quite a way to go before it you should even begin to think of paying over $200/night here. Hotel space *is* at a premium in Boston, but the Westin or the Hilton would seem to be the better valus. 
overpriced and one can do better I do not agree with the majority of the previous reviews for this hotel. We had a bad view but I suppose one could ask for a better view after seeing the room but my loved one was too shy .The iron did not work and we lost electricity for a few minutes in the morning which did not help my shaving.The bathroom was small and this hotel does not have HBO . If you like gigantic and drab hotels then this may be the hotel for you . 
Great city, perfect location We decided to try checking in early, and our room was ready at noon. We had a rental car, but with the parking rates we decided to return it to the airport and walk, or take the T. Our room was quiet, modern, nicely decorated, with an excellent bed, and a partial view of the Charles River ( from the 28th floor)The hotel is connected to the Prudential Center, convenient to restaurants (Legal Seafood was outstanding) or the food court for a quick bite. All facilities were modern, extremely clean, and all staff were helpful and professional. Its an easy walk from the Sheraton to the Boston Common, and for the ambitious, to continue on the freedom trail. Back Bay is just a few blocks away, with Newbury Street, and Beacon Street , The location couldn't have been better. 
Good Hotel for Weekend Trip Location: The hotel is located in the Back Bay area of Boston and walking distance to Fenway, MFA and other popular tourist sites. You can also take the T from the adjacent beautiful Copley mall or take a trolley tour right across the street. Plus the area is lively at night with nice shops on Newbury and pubs on Boyleston.Service:We had little interaction but the front desk staff were very pleasant. Starbucks in the lobby was great. Then again there are many Starbucks every 2 blocks in Boston.Room:Since it is an old hotel, the rooms were decent and clean. The bathroom was very small. Our extremely big King size bed was super comfortable. Good night's sleep!Overall:If you are visiting Boston like we did, as a weekend trip I would recommend this hotel as a starter place to get to know the city. It served its purpose. We were on a budget so we paid $120 a night through Hotwire. I would not pay more than $150 per night for a standard. We would return if we had another weekend trip come up. 
Good Hotel, Great Location I stayed at the hotel because I was in town for a concert, just needed a room for one night, not spending much time in it. I booked the room using starwood points so the room was free - always a bonus!The hotel lobby is huge and very busy. I had no problem checking in and the man at the desk was very friendly. I had a corner room so it was nice and big. Updated, felt clean, huge comfy bed. Bathrooms are nice, but a bit outdated. Nothing some wallpaper and maybe new tile wouldn't fix. Location of the hotel is ideal if visiting Boston. It's connected to upscale shopping mall, a 2 minute walk to Boyleston St. and Newbury St. - tons of great shopping, restaurants, movies, bowling...ideal spot if you're without a car and looking for all sorts of action.I'd stay again. 
Good Stay Stayed at the Sheraton for a convention and overall the hotel was clean and in excellent condition. There was no refridgerator in the room, which was a disappointment considering what you pay. Great location for shops, restuarants and Fenway Park. 
Waste of Money Based on my personal recommendation 8 of my friends booked into the Sheraton Back Bay Boston for a 5 day trip over New Year 2006. (I have stayed here on business many times).Most of us had visited Boston before and loved the city so we agreed that a get together in Boston for a New Years celebration was a great idea. We booked the Club level floor at the Sheraton Hotel as we thought the service and club lounge facilities would be a great idea, how wrong we were! I had just returned from Hong Kong from a memorable stay on the Club Floor of the Intercontiential Hotel, excellent service, fine wines and champagne!! Expecting a similar service to that of other club lounges, I had sold the idea to my friends however I was proved wrong, very wrong! The 1st night the club lounge was closed and the 2nd day the club lounge was closed until the evening. Things only got worse, I have never stayed on a Club Floor of a hotel when you had to purchase all alcoholic drinks and that the Club lounge was full of kids. Never mind having some pre dinner nibbles, by the time the kids got their hands on the poor selection, there was nothing left. We paid a premium of $30 per night for the club floor and it was the greatest waste of money! 
Do not stay here The only good thing about this place is the location. They treat you badly if you are a Priceline customer (note that I do not always USE Priceline to book, therefore they should treat me a lot better if they want me back as a regular customer.) No fridge? Not good. And it's amazing how poor their attitude is. I will not EVER stay here again. 
good hotel The hotel on average is a good hotel, the staff and ground floor area including the bar are great.The rooms are reasonable size and included two large beds. The bathroon is large but a little dated. Would stay again, just around the corner from all the shopping area. 
Great Hotel I just returned from Portland, Maine to Boston on Business and I was able to stay at this hotel for one night before I left for the airport. It was great. The rooms were nice and clean and the staff was helpful and kind. The doorways to the rooms and the bathroom seemed small to us but we were on the 19th floor and had a fantastic view of the river. The hotel opens up into a mall with lots of shopping and several restraunts. It also had a covered walkway that crosses the street over to some other major hotels and the proventual building. I was able to stay at this hotel was a fraction of its normal cost because of a manager at another Sheraton I had been staying in Portland. I was very impressed with the hotel and staff and I would stay there again. 
Very nice hotel, convenient location       Club Floor Suite 
Mixed Reviews, Too The Sheraton Copley is in a terrific location, with an indoor mall attached to the hotel and in a great area of town. The room itself was nicely decorated with comfortable beds, but the bathroom was dated and the wall tiles were not cleaned in a while. The hallways were pretty shabby -- they desperately need to be updated. I don't know if the towers section is any better -- they had a separate elevator to that part of the hotel. We stayed in the North Tower.The fitness club and swimming pool (lap pool) are above average. The public areas are quite nice. They charge, I think, a bit much to use the business center ($20/hr).I would hesitate staying here again until they update their bathrooms and hallways. 
Loved it! The location alone should be the reason to stay there! My wife and I didn't want to rent a car in Boston so we wanted to stay in a hotel near the metro stop. The hotel is great and located at the Prudential Center. It's close to the theater district (couple of metro stops down). If you're one of those that won't be spending too much time at the hotel but at the same time need something convenient, this is your hotel! 
Pluses and Minuses               More photos 
Bad hotel, good location My husband, daughter and I just returned from 4 days at the Sheraton in Boston. I have given it an okay rating - and not terrible - because of the location, which was great. If it were not for the location I would have given this dated hotel a terrible rating: no mini-bar/fridge for us to put 10-month old daughter's baby food, no safe, lacking basics in bathroom such as q-tips, shower cap, etc. - - these sound like minor irritations - which they indeed are - but they are the very basics you expect from even a 3-star hotel. We did not stay here because we chose to, but rather because my husband's work conference was held at the Sheraton. Again, the location is wonderful but the Westin around the corner is much better. 
Great Location in the Back Bay We spent a Thursday  Friday night at the Sheraton Boston Hotel on the 24th floor of the South Tower and would stay at this hotel again. It is conveniently located on a side street, so the rooms are quiet and comfortable. My husband is one to rate a hotel on the water pressure in the shower and he was very pleased. It is also connected to the Prudential  Copley Place shopping and restaurants, so you can avoid going outside if the weather is bad. There is even a Starbucks in the lobby for a good morning coffee. We found this to be much better than the room service coffee. The few negatives were that there was a mix-up with our reservation by the hotel staff and we had to do the legwork to resolve it (everything worked out fine). We also found the room to be very warm the first night, but in fairness to the hotel, we had unseasonably warm end of March weather. We easily obtained a fan to help cool the room. Again, we would stay at this hotel the next time we are in Boston. 
Great Location Overall the Sheraton worked out really well for us. We were able to walk to the places we wanted to visit, which was a big plus  was great being attached to the Prudential Shopping Centre for breakfasts or last minute gifts to take home!We had an upgrade with our booking to a Mini-Suite, which was great as the room would have felt a little small without the additional lounge area. Overall the room was a bit tired, the decor in the bathroom was a bit shabby, but at least was clean.Could have done with a couple more facilities, like a bigger bath towels, more hangers (why are hotels so tight with hangers?!) and a fridge (never stayed in a suite with no fridge before).Overall though hotel was good value for money (although we did have a special offer - we stayed 3 nights and got the 4th free), great location, and good leisure facilities. 
Fabulous We were really worried about staying here reading the reviews however it was fantastic. The staff were all very helpful, the location  amenities were fabulous. It is attached to the Prudential Centre Mall  Copley Square Mall, so you can shop without leaving the inddors. The rooms were spacious, cleaned well and well maintained. However I think some of the negative comments are possibly cultural. Several of the Americans staying here were complaining about there are no fridges in a 4 star hotel etc... Believe me compared to Europe this is a well deserved 4 star compared to what we are used to in Britain.The only blip is the lady in the giftshop who works late. She does not have the Amercian 'can do' attitude and finds customers as a pest rather than her job. She has the if you're not happy go elsewhere attitude so we did. Do not worry about staying here, you will enjoy it. 
Dump We stayed here for a weekend in early December. Expected so enjoy holiday decorations, etc. This was our second stay here this year - first was terrible, but they sent us a voucher to give them another chance.We had booked a Club-Level suite, with a guaranteed view of the river, early check in and late check out.Front desk was rude when checking in, telling us that they couldn't give us the river view but we had a great room. It ended up having a great view of the other Sheraton tower. She was also extremly put out having to explain the hours of the Club Lounge. It took 3 trips back to the desk to get a set of card-keys that would work on the room door. Also we had trouble with these keys not always working on the Club Level Express Elevator - other patrons we spoke to had similar problems.The Club-Level hallway decor is brown and depressing. Our suite was just basically and over-sized room with all mis-matched furntiture and a very dirty orange velvet love seat. The room appeared clean but the upholstery on the furniture was filthy. Bathroom needed a re-do. It was clean though. Very small.The Club-lounge is a very tiny, narrow room with a great view. Paid $12 each for a glass of rot-gut wine. The free appetizers were well-picked over and nothing available to eat. Service was rude and slow. Great view though. Did eat breakfast here the first morning - very crowded (it is super small) with few choices. Tables not cleared/clean-off well. Waiting line to use the one internet computer available.No holiday decorations. Couldn't locate the concierge in the lobby. Ended up over at the Westin, checking out things with THEIR concierge! Westin has a lovely lobby and decorations!Bed was comfortable. Paper delivered 1st morning but NOT 2nd morning. Check out papers stuck under door did not indicate our arranged late check-out, but no matter, we'd had more than enough and went home.Overall, it is dismal and dumpy and old. Poor service and rude staff. If you must stay in that area, try the Marriott or the Westin. 
really liked it We stayed in December just for 1 night, but I liked the location, the room (great bed) and the staff. The restaurant was very good. It is joined by the skyway to 2 rather pricey malls, but is was good not to have to go outside to shop. Legal Seafood is in the mall, Yummy! I would stay again in the summer as it is not far from Fenway and lots to see walking around. 
Overrated, but the best location in Boston I stayed at the top floor, club suite during a pre-Thanksgiving layover in Boston. PROS:1) View was excellent. You cannot beat a 29th floor view in this city.2) Very comfy bed.3) Buffet breakfast was plentiful and very good.4) Own separate elevators for club floors.5) Attached to the mall; train station stop at the lobby.. you don't have to go outside in the freezing cold to get to the hotel.6) 5 lane indoor pool was excellent, and a nice ending to my hectic day.CONS:1) Club Floor Lounge was being renovated (did not inform me before arrival), so to compensate I got 1 free appetizer sent up to the room.2) No wireless internet in the rooms. Have to hook up ethernet cable at the desk... and yes, pay for it. 
What a Letdown I visit Boston annually and have alway stayed at the Sheraton. Previous visits were fab and I had believed that because of it's great location I wouldn't stay anywhere else when visiting Boston This year - it appeared the staff had personality transplants!! - Our flight had been delayed and arrived at 2.30am. I had telephoned earlier in the day to advise. The receptionist was so unwelcoming,unfriendly and downright rude at check-in. It was a taste of what was to come. We had to request 4 times for our room to be serviced one day and several times during our stay we had to request additional supplies of toiletries etc from a chambermaid who didn't appear to understand English. The room was grubby and in dire need of redecoration. Staff in the restaurant at Breakfast appeared as if they were doint everyone a favour by being there - not at all pleasant. The Concierge was the only helpful person in the hotel. I had travelled with my mother  sister this year and we had quite a lot of luggage when checking out. We asked for, but never received any assistance. The deterioration of service in the hotel within a year was phenomenal.I will never return to the Sheraton - and in fact have booked the Charlesmark Hotel for my next trip as a result of all the positive postings here!. Take my advise - consider all options before choosing the Sheraton - to me it appears that it is targeting the large impersonal conference/business market with little or no personal touches for the holiday traveller. 
Shame about the kids Stayed at the Sheraton Boston for a New Year break. Hotel very comfortable, bed fantastic. Rooms large. Recommend a trip up the Prudential tower, fantastic view of Boston and helps you get your bearings. T easy to use. Everywhere easily accessible. Took us a couple of days to figure out that you needed to turn up at a restaurant about 45 minutes before you wanted to eat as that was the wait. Ate at the Cheesecake Factory and Legal Seafoods both excellent. Would not recommend Chris Steak House. We were given a 10.15 booking and no sign of table by 11pm. We were not offered a drink, eventually left and had to eat fast food. Very dissappointing.Only downside to the hotel was large high school convention going on, lifts became difficult due to kids playing in them, they were also noisy at night, I think we should have been warned. 
Fair hotel - looking a bit dated.. I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights this November for a shopping trip.The location is excellent - really close to 2 malls, and some nice restaurants.The condition of the hotel is looking quite shabby - especially the floors where the rooms are, but once inside the rooms they are clean and adequate. I had an adjoining room with a rather rampant couple, so bear this in mind and perhaps ask for a room without the adjoining door as this definitely impacted my stay! Thankfully the hotel was sympathetic and changed my room for me.I think they may be going through some kind of modernisation as they were refurbishing the lobby area when I was there, and adding wireless PC terminals - free of use for hotels guests. There is a Starbucks based within the hotel which is great for grabbing a coffee before you start your shopping marathon!One tip for you - make sure you take the Duck Tour, really enjoyable, regardless of the weather! 
As they say location, location, location Stayed in Sheraton late November for five nights. The best thing about this hotel got to be the location, with a direct access into two malls, totalling 100+ shops. It's actually possible to go to a bank, have something to eat, have a drink in a sports bar and even access a T-station without having to go out. Very handy if it's raining.I was upgraded to an executive suite on arrival. The room was on the 10th floor, with some views. The room was also of a good size but it didn't have a safe or minibar. Also, the bathroom was of a small size and the room itself was looking little tired. The bed was probably one of the best I've ever experienced.Overall, I would stay again and service was good and staff friendly. 
Sheraton perfect location for shopping trip! Stayed at the Sheratom for 4 nights with my sister and mother to have a break and get some shopping done.We had booked a triple room and were upgraded to club-class where we had complimentary continental breakfast and a room affording great views of the city. Our room was on the small side but the views of the city lights more than made up for it.We had snow on the night we arrived and it felt very festive. We did feel that the size of the hotel made it a bit impersonal,but any staff we had contact with were extremely helpful.The location of the hotel next to the prudential center mall was fantastic with Saks,Nine West and loads of designer shops and it was close to Lord and Taylor another fantastic shop.Also was close to some good dining. The MBTA was close and very easy to navigate. Would recommend this hotel to any traveller especially in the cold winter months as you can do a lot without braving the elements outside from this hotel 
In Boston for the 5th time The Sheraton is the hotel of choice in Boston for a conference I attend every year. My first time there was in October 1997 when I had a room overlooking the Charles River. In Dec 1999, Dec 2001 and again in December 2005 I had the pleasure of having a fantastic view of the Mother Church. (In 2001 we had a corner room that looked both east and south). I always ask for a room with a view and am never disappointed.Back when, the Sheraton seemed like the most fantastic place on earth to be during the holiday season, but this year it seemed tired and rather worn and not very festive. The wallpaper in our room was dirty at the edges, when in the past everything seemed crisp and clean. Decorating in the lobby was rather sparse with a poor excuse for a Christmas tree up against one wall. The location of the Sheraton is connected to the Prudential Mall and the Hynes Convention Center (where our conference was also held) since you don't have to go outside and can shop to your hearts content. They've added a Starbucks at the Sheraton that has goodies and rude staff, and there were 5 computers that were free of charge to Sheraton guests to use for a limited amount of time. The linens at the Sheraton have always been the best, and while the comforter was, a bottom sheet had a major rip right where you got into bed. The bell staff stood around a lot and wouldn't even help us get our bags out of the back of the taxi. Same thing on leaving....considering there were so many people departing at once. The one thing that puzzled me was why the Concierge Desk would send someone to the Hynes Subway stop, which is outside the front door, up a steep grade, down about 2 blocks (in the wind and snow) and over a major street and down another block, when there is a T stop now connected to the Prudential mall where you don't even have to go outside??????I'll be back in Boston in 2007. Staying at another hotel would be a nice option if you didn't have to fight your way through the crowd of holiday shoppers in the mall on the weekends. When in Boston, don't miss walking the Freedom Trail, eating your way through Quincy Marketplace and/or at Cheers, seeing the New England Aquarium, the Science Museum and Fine Arts Museum of Boston, taking in an IMAX movie, and just soaking up the history in the area. I LOVE BOSTON!!!!!!! 
Good location but would check others... We stayed here for a convention and my husband's employer paid the bill, so this hotel was chosen strictly for convenience. Our room was small and had no view. We did not request a view so I don't know how accommodating they would have been about that. The best thing about the hotel is that it's connected to the Prudential Center Mall, the Marriott hotel and the Copley Place mall (not sure of the names of these malls). We ate at the Cheesecake Factory and Legal Sea Food in the Prudential Center. Both were very good. We also ate at Vinnie T's nearby which was crowded but good Italian. There is a trolley stop across the street. I took the Bean Town Trolley tour but wished I'd taken one of the others (Old Town...I think). I only got off the trolley for a tour of the USS Constitution and had to wait a while for my trolley. The others came by more often. We enjoyed walking through Back Bay to the Boston Public Garden and Boston Common. Be sure to take the Liberty Trail walking tour. Loved all the history! The Prudential T stop was very convenient. You can shop, eat and catch the T without having to go outside. The Sheraton is a good location but so is the Marriott. We enjoyed our stay but would check around for other places next time. 
overrated no good at all, From check in in to the tiny rooms and bathrooms where sitting on the toilet is an excercise in contortion.No help with bags. The room type I had reserved was not available and the manner in whuch that was communicated let a lot to be desired.On check out my bill was not ready. The computer system wa down. No apologies, just a shrugh of shoulders. I requested it to be sent/faxed to my office - so far have not received it even after calling twice since. I still ahve no idea what I was cgarfed for and whether it was correct.The whole place seems dilapidated with unenergetic staff who don't really want to make you feel at home.Do give this one a miss. There are better options with better prices elsewhere. 
Sheraton great Thanksgivig and dog friendly to boot! Stayed over Thanksgiving at the Sheraton Boston- we we upgraded to a lovely room over looking Charles River. Check-in staff very helpful. Also, great bell man gave directions ect.. My two dogs came as well and staff was great accomodating us- housekeeping on our schedule ect.. Would highly recommend-great location, trolley stop across street and T in Prudential Center next door. Try Brassiere Jo and Cheesecake Factory if you stay here. 
Great in cold weather! We are a family of four who live about an hour west of Boston. We decided to take advantage of a Thanksgiving weekend special rate. It was a great decision. The hotel was perfect for a winter weekend escape! The location is great because without going outside, you are connected to the convention center and the Prudential Mall, which is connected to the Copley Mall. Meaning...you can cover a lot of terrain in Boston without having to get cold or wet. Great restaurants, convenient T stops and a food court. Fabulous location!The hotel itself was lovely. Clean hallways, clean rooms. The only wear  tear I noticed was in the shower tile. The bathroom was immaculate and had everything we needed including plenty of hot water.I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again. 
Excellent hotel We stayed at this hotel for a getaway and thought it was great. Originally they put us in a room with someone already in it. OOPS The front desk apologized profusely and gave us an excellent room with a better view of the river. The hotel was in a good location. Right next to a mall and the subway, we had no problems getting around at night. A lot of neat shops were just a couple streets over. The rooms were clean and the bed comfortable. After reading the horror stories, we were worried. Our stay was pleasant but I definitely would not pay for more than $150 a night for this hotel. 
There are Better Options than this tired, outdated hotel I give it two circles instead of 1, only because of its location next to the Hynes convention center and Prudential Center. We paid $250 per night (convention rate) for a cramped room with low ceilings, outdated furnishings, and paint peeling from the ceiling. The hotel is not friendly to families with young children, and charges extra for items included in lower priced chains, e.g. extra fee to use the fitness center and pool, along with internet. If you want a nice room in the Back Bay, try the Lenox. 
Fab Room, Great Location! I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. I managed to get a good deal on a junior suite. If you can afford it, I can highly recommend the suite! The bathroom was quite small but clean with a large shower.There is a separate, comfortable living room with sofa and chairs and a large TV. The food from room service was nice, with the clam chowder being the best I've tried in Boston!The bedroom was large with another large TV. The Sweetsleeper kingsize bed was amazing!! The most comfortable bed I've EVER slept in!!The hotel is huge with lots of activity and it's in a great location, especially for first time visitors to the city.I've visited Boston a couple of times now. I'm going to start saving my pennies as I'll be staying in a mini suite at the Sheraton next time for sure!! 
Yawn Rooms are a bit tired, exterior is ugly, gave us a room with a view of another roof with HVAC equipment on it. Lobby was nice with coffee shop there, but for the price this is far from a great value. 
Great start to holiday in MA We began a two week holiday in Boston and Ma at the Sheraton. Things started well by getting through Logan quickly for foreigners and got better when we arrived at here. Our room was on one of the Club levels with fantastic views across the Charles to Cambridge. Everything in the room was right, space, comfort, bathroom, cleanliness. The Sheraton beds are perfect.Breakfast was complimentary in the Club Lounge each morning - cereals, pastries, toast, bagels etc, so excellent value - the Club Level upgrade has got to be worth it.Staff were all friendly and helpful for two experienced US travellers, but first timers to Boston. The car was efficiently handled by the valet on arrival and the welcome by reception good. The location attached to the main covered malls in town was great. 
Wonderful hotel! I just returned from Boston yesterday and the trip was a dream come true. We stayed at the Sheraton Boston and had absolutely no complaints whatsoever. The staff was helpful and very friendly and our suite was remarkable. We had a view of the Charles River. After traveling and walking for several hours in the afternoon, we took a early evening nap. I awoke to see the sun setting out the window. It was a breathtaking sight. The hotel was attached to the Prudential Center mall. I highly recommend this hotel and will definetely stay here again! 
Great Hotel, Fantastic spot Stayed here for 5 nights and were impressed with the location. The hotel is linked to two shopping malls and within walking distance to Newbury Street. Originally we were given a junior suite that smelt of musty smoke so we complained and were upgraded to a full suite. Lovely room. 
The Sheraton is the best hotel in Boston I stayed at the Sheraton Boston last weekend and I had the best time there. The pool was wonderful and my suite was very spacious and clean. The lobby has gorgeous bouquets of fresh flowers all around and you can have a coffee in the beautiful Starbucks right there by the front desk. The location is perfect, with restaurants, stores and the Prudential Center mall just a few blocks away. I recommend this hotel very highly!! 
Excellent hotel I stayed here for two nights and enjoyed the hotel a lot. The staff was friendly and the location is great, attached to the Prudential mall and right downtown. The T is only 2 blocks away in either direction.I was upgraded to a suite and was amazed at the almost 180 degree view of the city I had. From the bed you looked out onto the Charles River and along Comm Ave. From the living room, which is a good 30 feet away, you see Roxbury and the Christian Science church.The bed was very comfortable and the walk-in closet had plenty of room for my two shirts, running shoes, and carry-on suitcase. The air conditioner did dry the air a bit too much, but the gift shop had water at a normal price. I think the internet is free despite having to go through a sign-in that says you will charge 9.99 for 24 hours. Never saw it on my bill. I really didn't have time to check out the Club Lounge and the pool was nice, except it was filled with lap swimmers. Be warned that the fitness equipment is an additional charge. 
Comfy rooms, helpful employees Our family of four began a 10-day trip to Massachusetts with two weekend nights at the Sheraton, paid in advance at a nice rate ($129) through Hotwire. We arrived at 8 a.m. after a red-eye flight and were able to get into our rooms right away. They were adjoining rooms, as requested -- not huge, but well-maintained and comfortably furnished. The front desk clerk and concierge were friendly and helpful--no attitude about our being an Internet customer that I could see.Big fitness center and indoor-outdoor pool were a plus, although we were so busy that we didn't spend much time there. Boston is a fabulous city full of interesting stuff for school-aged kids and we barely scratched the surface. The Prudential Center adjoins the hotel with a shopping mall full of restaurants, shops and even a supermarket. Don't bother with the overpriced expense-account hotel food when you can get a fine little breakfast at Au Bon Pain or Dunkin' Donuts right next door. Jasper White's Summer Shack is across the street for seafood and soft serve, Legal Sea Food is in the Pru Center and there are two T stops within a 10-minute walk. 
Super hotel! Stayed 9 nights for a family holiday in the Boston Sheraton. Travelled with trailfinders and were upgraded to a suite. Fabulous for extra space. Large hallway,bathroom living room and bedroom.Excellent condition and well maintained. Never saw maids the whole time (they must have sneaked in and out of the bedrooms)!!! Staff very polite and helpful. Very modern hotel and the location is top class. Linked to the shopping centre and T station, great because we were able to get around in airconditioning escaping the fierce heat outside. Open top pool was a relief. It opened early and also stayed open late, good when you suffer from jetlag and are awake from the crack of dawn!The beds are to die for! Shame they only sell them in the USA! I want one!Wouldn't use any other hotel if I go back to Boston, as they always say, Location Location Location!!!!!! can't beat it. 
Expensive and disappointing rooms Check in queues were very long-not enough staff . It was a busy time in the city but one of our group with aconfirmed reservation and arrived late got shunted to an out of town hotel 20 miles away. Rooms were very tired looking. Paid about $340 per night with corporate rate! 
Once Was Enough ... We had previously stayed at the Hilton when visiting Boston to attend a Red Sox game, however, the Hilton was unavailable so we opted to stay at the the Sheraton, which is right across the street. The best thing about the Sheraton is its location -- a 15-minute walk to Fenway Park and convenient to the Prudential Center and all it has to offer. Our first non-smoking room smelled of smoke, so we moved to another room in the North Tower. The view was good -- of the Charles River and MIT. The room was SMALL and the bathroom even smaller! We had a queen-size bed ... a king-size would not have fit in the room! Decorating was non-descript. The bed was comfortable. The concierge on duty Friday night gave us incorrect information regarding tickets for the Duck Boat tours ... which certainly messed up our schedule the following day. There was a lot of activity in the hotel with all the conferences and weekend guests. Next time, we will go back to the Hilton, a much smaller and more personal hotel with larger rooms. 
Good enough for a one night stop Got this hotel through Hotwire as for one night only. Room was rather tired but overall was clean. Air-conditioning very, very noisy. Do they have to sound like jet engines? Where hotel scored highly was in its location to the Prudential Mall and the Marriott hotel where we picked up our hire car. From the view we got of the Marriott it looks a better hotel and the employees were very friendly.Would not like to stay for longer than one night. 
Modern Decor and Comfortable Beds!!!!! Stayed at the Sheraton Boston from July 15 -17. Upon arriving early Friday morning, having taken a red-eye flight, the rooms were not available.. but they did call us as soon as the rooms were available.. In the meantime, we were allowed to use the showers and lockers at the pool area to freshen up. Their facilities included a fitness center, pool, jacuzzi and steam room, which was nice.The rooms were quite nice. I love the Westin because of their super comfy beds, and I must say, the Sweet Sleeper beds that the Sheraton Boston now offers is just as heavenly. Once I got to the rooms and got in bed, I didn't want to get up. The rooms are average size with nice decor. The location of the hotel is convenient in that there is a train stop right next to the hotel. The tour trolley also stops right in front of the hotel as well. Also, you are in the Prudential center with some shops and a food court.All in all, I would give this hotel a 4 rating... and I would stay here again if I ever visit Boston again. 
needs to do some house cleaning in more than one way This is by far the worst hotel considering how much it costs. For 159.00 a night I expect a 4 star hotel to have service and to have clean rooms. I pull into valet and open the trunk. The bellman and the valet both look at me like I am crazy. I confirm I am in the right place and get asked do you want us to help you with the luggage? but only from 100 feet. The guy couldn't even be bothered with coming over. Then I get inside where there is no line to check in and he just leaves my bags on the cart and walks away. Apparently there was a red socks game on and I must have been a nuisance. I checked in in like 45 seconds, then had to summon another porter to take the bags to the room. He was a nice fellow although hard to understand. The room we were in was large with a nice comfortable bed but that is where it stops. The bathroom was dirty and the balance of the furnishings were aged pretty badly. coffee stains on the wall paper, literaly 3 squares of Toilet tissue on the roll and no spare. Had to wait 15 minutes for them to bring a roll up and no apology. Good thing I didn't have to resort to using a towel because those were rougher than the cheap John Wayne tp they gave here. I had the same problems with the valet upon checkout, I called ahead but the car wasn't brought around until I presented my check for the valet to go get it. $37.00 for valet per overnight and I have to wait at 5 am for the valet after I called them in advance. over all this hotels only quality is the location and I agree with many other reviewers stay somewhere else. Boston has a bad rep for the people being rude. The only rude people in Boston work for the Sheraton, must be a requirement. I will not stay here again. 
Location, Location, Location My family spent last weekend at the Sheraton Boston Hotel. It is the biggest hotel in Boston and located over the Prudential Mall complete with a T station and purchase location for the Duck Tours. We got a good, not great rate at Hotwire. Having read some of the other reviews, I called and requested a higher floor. The room was comfortable but the bathroom was small. The large pool was a hit with my 11 year old son. The front desk help was pleasant and we did not eat in the hotel. There are many restaurants around and I suggest going to the North End for dinner. If you get a good rate and want a good location, the Sheraton works well for a weekend in Boston. 
Disliked the sheraton boston The hotel is well located in the centre of Boston but has 1200 rooms and the service is quite poor and the rooms are very small. The restaurant leaves a lot to be desired and flies were evident on the food at the breakfast buffet. Not a great hotel. 
Not the Best We just got back from the Sheraton7/14-16,and we get there and they say our room is not ready, It was 15 min before check In and they say they are booked because the New York Yank's are in town (That was ture) and we have to wait 45 min before check in.. Then we got room 541 in the North Tower and its so SMALL and we had a view of the Exersise Room and the bathroom stunk. We asked for a manager and suddenly a room just a room became emty in the Souith Tower Room 1160 was better in size, view and bathroom.Also the buffet wasn't the best they had not have a lot for $18 If you were smart go to the Marriott and eat at gormelli's you can get everything there.. for $16.95...They Did Take $100 off our bill... I wouln't stay there again.... 
so so... Pretty average. It's got a great location being attached to a mall and you can walk to a lot of cool restaurants. The train station is at the end of the mall which is good too. It's kind of pricey but I have a feeling its all about location. The only thing that I didn't like was the a/c for the room. It never seemed to get below 78 degrees in the room even though I put the temp as low as it could go and set it for the entire 3 days I was there. 
Beautiful place- TERRIBLE service We stayed for Valentine's day. It took 11 phone calls and 9 hours to get a bottle of champagne (it came at 1:30 am). The comforter was dirty and the iron board was broken. The night manager assured us that this is unacceptable and I will take care of it, however, 3 hours and 4 phone calls later- nothing was done. I wrote to corporate and recieved a form letter saying We hope the compensation you recieved from the manager on duty was sufficient. All for a whoping $289 a night. Should have stayed free after that. Otherwise, the facility itself, was weel kept and very nice decor. 
Not Worth It For over $200 I expected better. Check in was a cattle call. I tried using the check in kiosks and after getting out of line and following the directions, I got a printout saying my room wasn't ready (even though it was 9pm). I got back in line and waited and waited to be told that they didn't have the room type I requested (NS King). They gave me a NS Queen. The room was TINY and bathroom was tinier. The desk was covered with a mysterious sticky substance. Towels were scratchy and didn't dry you off. I ordered room service once and I had to call about ten times before they finally picked up. They didn't pick up my room service tray for almost 2 days even though I called about it. Nothing special about this place and definitely not worth the money. There are other hotels that are close to the convention center that I'd try next time. The only plus was the full-service Starbucks on site. 
Good Location We took advantage of a discount weekend rate, it was great for the price but not worth the full retail room price. The strong point of this hotel is you can walk everywhere - Newbury St, MFA, 5 minutes walk to either T station (Prudential or Convention Ctr). The hotel anchors one of the arcades in Copley Place Mall/Prudential Center, with other arcades leading to various sections of Back Bay. Aside from the mall, the immediate area of the hotel has nothing to offer, but everything else is within 5 - 20 minutes walk. As one would expect the hotel is charmless but the management tries hard to keep guests satisfied, the concierge desk was well staffed, and the room was comfortable. The view over the river and Back Bay was fantastic, almost as good as the view from the top of Prudential tower. 
Really great location We stayed in the Sheraton for 2 nights last year and they upgraded us to a suite. We had a fabulous view of the back bay area day and night. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The trolleybus tour stops just outside the hotel and the attached shopping arcade is a really great bonus. The staff were very helpful and efficient. We are staying there again this year for 2 nights on our way from London to Nevada and are looking forward to a comfortable visit again. 
Loved the Club Level suites! We stayed in a club level suite over Memorial Day weekend (4 nights) and could not have been happier with our experience. The lobby is spacious with the convenience of starbucks and easy access to the indoor shopping center. The club level suite was great with 2 televisions, clean modern furniture, and a bed that was so comfortable it was difficult to get up in the morning! The continental breakfast in the club room was just what we needed to get our busy days started. The staff was friendly and helpful, and when it was time for us to check out, we didn't want to leave! I have already recommended this hotel to a few family members, and we will not be staying anywhere else besides the Sheraton during our future visits to Boston. 
Rooms With a View Make it Worthwhile My family is from MA, but recently moved. This was the first time I've been back to Boston without a home to stay in. My wife and I stayed here for a weekend of baseball at Fenway. We arrived early (11 am) but were given a room anyway. Unfortunately, it was located right next to the elevator in the South Tower. We soon discovered that the elevators were quite noisy (a 'whoosh' sound as they went by). The room itself was quite large, but a bit tired. There was a fridge and a large tv.My wife never likes to make a fuss, but I knew that the elevator room wasn't going to work, so I called down and asked for a different location. We were moved to the 25th floor on the North Tower. The room itself was a good deal smaller than the first room, however, it more than made it for it with a stunning view of the Charles River, Cambridge, even Fenway. It clearly had been remodeled more recently than the South Tower room, though the furniture was not in particularly good condition (rip on the seat, for instance).The bathroom was quite small and there was no fan (a pet peeve of mine). Also no fridge. It was probably not as clean as it should have been as well, though not too bad. For what we wanted, however, the room was more than acceptable because of the view. If space is important to you, I would recommend a South Tower room. I personally preferred the more modern decor in the North room. This hotel does of course have the 'Sweet Sleeper Bed,' which I thought was fine but nothing spectactular.The public areas of the hotel are fairly nice, though the lobby is nothing special. The location, however, is excellent. In fact, for Fenway there is probably no better location. As many others have noted, the hotel is connected to the Prudential Center. The entrance is right by a Dunkin Donuts and Au Bon Pan...very convenient for breakfast, as well as St. Francis Chapel--in case you're Catholic like I am and wish to say a few prayers! The key to this hotel is the rate...we paid around $150 a night which I felt was reasonable considering the location and outstanding view. I would not pay too much more than that for this particular property. I'm anxious to try the Westin connected to Copley Place to compare. 
Great Location Spent the weekend of June 3rd in Boston. Positives: Hotel staff was very friendly. Great location....connected to Prudential Center...and close to the T. Negatives: A little shabby considering the price paid....carpet and wallpaper could be replaced. Water pressure in shower...sometimes high...sometimes low. We were orginally booked into a room on the Club floor. By mistake they had given us a King and we needed 2 doubles. However, there were no doubles available on the Club floor. Without much of a problem we were switched to a room with 2 double beds in the South wing. All in all, I would stay here again. 
Loved it! My husband and I stayed here over a vacation with multiple stops, and this stop was the most lovely. He actually had strep so spent the whole time in the room and wasn't disappointed. The beds are phenomenal and you never want to leave it. Our room was actually spacious and we had a great view; we had a corner room so perhaps that is why. The location is excellent -- in the winter you can get to the T and even Back Bay, the commuter line, without ever stepping outside, plus every shop and restaurant you can imagine connected. The only disappointment I had was to discover that you had to pay extra for the pool and fitness center. This was not mentioned on the web site or at check in! 
Large Disparity Between Rooms/Good Location The Sheraton Boston is located in a good location, in the South End and right near Newbury Street. I have stayed there more than 20 nights over the past two years, and the biggest problem I have with the hotel is the large disparity between rooms, both in size, brightness, and comfort. The suites on the higher floors are beautiful, but some of the queen rooms on the lower floors are tiny and very dark. 
Dorm Room We stayed here for one night in room 522. From the moment we stepped off the elevator I was dissapointed. The whole floor was under construction, carpets ready to be ripped up, paint ready to be stripped off the walls. When we got to our room it was very tiny and dark. The bathroom wasn't much bigger than an airplane lavatory, was not clean and there were plumbing issues as well. We had a double bed (the guy at the front desk told me it was a king, apparently he has never been to the 5th floor). We were also missing all the hangers in the closet, but after a phone call housekeeping brought some. If I was to stay here for more than the one night, I would have asked to be moved to a different room, I'm sure there are nicer rooms to stay in. The front desk should not let any guests stay in a room like this. I will not stay at this hotel again. 
Bed reviews correct Just to say that all the reviews on the beds of this hotel are spot on. Rooms are large and roomy, and a really short walk without venturing outside to both the T and the Prudential Centre.And yes those beds were wonderful!!!!! 
Honeymoon in Boston During our recent honeymoon trip, my husband and I stayed at the Sheraton, Boston for 2 nights. From the moment we stepped in to the time we left, it was a pleasure. The desk-staff were very friendly. When they found out that we were on our honeymoon, they upgraded us to their Executive Suites on the 29th floor, absolutely complimentary. We had a splendid view of the city! Loved it, loved it, loved it! The beds were really comfortable, the room very clean, the concierge extremely helpful, and of course the location was superb --- we loved staying near Newbury street and being able to just walk to dinner really late at night without any worries. We recommend this hotel highly! 
Loved the Hotel!! We stayed at the Sheraton for 3 nights and the location is wonderful! We took a Trolley tour that stopped right in front of the hotel and we were very happy that the hotel was connected to the malls. The beds are very comfy, and we were able to get a good nights sleep! 
Take me out to the ballgame I have stayed here 3 times in the last 5 years. Normally I shy away from the mega sized corporate hotels - especially one attached to a shopping mall - but I have been pleasantly surprised. Check in has always been quick and easy. The staff is professional. The rooms are a bit sterile and uninspired but they have always been spotless. More important, this hotel may have the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. I mean they are sooooo comfy that I wish I had one at home. As a final plus, it is a pleasant 15 minutes walk from the hotel, through the Back Bay Fens and over to Fenway Park. 
Boston Sheraton Stayed at the Sheraton 10th March 2005 for 3 nights the location was really great for the subway and is attached to a shopping mall. Walkable into the city of Boston (daytime) although at night I would grab a cab. The hotel rooms were large and beds were fantastic larger than a kingsize with a special mattress best nights sleep in ages.Downsides - the rooms never provided any shower gel only soap. The restuarant was not a pleasant experience the food was fine, but nobody eats there and the atmosphere was not pleasant - recommend eating out plenty of restaurants in the shopping mall (recommend Legal Seafood but book first).Shopping - go to Filines Department store (especially the basement loads of bargains - Gucci, Ralph Lauren etc). Best shopping trip - go to Wrentham Village - over 170 shops - arrange a coach from the hotel reception about 25 minutes away - discounted stores. 
Good Stay no problems. We stayed a Sunday and Monday night in late February and had no problems whatever. Very nice room with furnishings in like new condition. Enjoyed having a refrigerator in the room. Very convenient being connected to the Prudential Center and the Copley complex as well. Never really have to go outside unless you choose to. Easy access to indoor T station makes getting around Boston a snap. My only slight complaint is that you aren't told ahead of time that there is a fee to use the gym, but the pool area is included in the room rate. Parking at $36/night is kind of steep, but average for Boston. 
Great hotel!! Enjoyed our three night stay here from Feb 18-21 and it was busy. Upon arrival, as a Gold Preferred Guest, we were upgraded to a suite, which wasn't very exciting, but room was pleasantly outfitted with the Sweet Sleeper mattress. Had a good couple of nights' sleep. Hotel was very busy during our stay with a sci-fi conference. There's a Starbucks in the lobby and a good gym and pool. Location is excellent-connected to the Prudential Center (Mall, Cheesecake Factory, etc.) Would stay there again! 
Not Bad, but could be better I've stayed at the Sheraton for the past 5 years  I've been in much better hotels, and many worse as well. The staff seems to be very stuffy, not very friendly  I haven't met one that had even a small sense of humor..............OK but kinda blah. 
Great Hotel Stuffy Rooms Recently returned from a 6 night stay at the Sheraton Boston.It is a large hotel with many amenities including a huge indoor pool.The staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel is connected to the Prudential centre with its many shops and restaurants. As well, there is indoor access to the subway.We had a mini-suite with French doors seperating the bedroom from a seperate living room area. The room was nicely furnished and the bedroom had a very comfy sleigh bed with duvet.The only problem was that the room was very overheated.Although there were 2 thermostats that seemed to allow you to independently adjust the temperature, this was really not possible since the temperature remained a very warm 74F when the dial was adjusted to as low as 65F.We asked for help but the service staff was unable to provide any answers.I complained at checkout and the hotel provided me with a modest discount. I am still awaiting a response from the manager. 
Yummy pillows  yes, the rooms are tiny. But, the beds are blissfully comfortable. Many fluffy pillows and big cushy down filled comforters on the bed made for a great night's sleep. The mattress was divine as well. Noisy hallways and lots of dirty room service trays left for days do not improve the atmosphere. Rooms are very small, but nicely appointed in navyblue pinstripe and taupe. You can easily walk to many interesting neighborhoods, restaurants and shopping - once you find your way in and out of this monstrous hotel. The pool and health club and beautiful and luxurious. 
Avoid it if possible. The hotel's strongest point is its location. Back Bay plus link to Prudential and then Copley Place. Hotel is ok. Big convention hotel. heard a lot of ppl complain about their rooms in the hallways. Rooms are small. We got one near the elevator and it was very noisy but our other choice was in a smoking floor. Toilet flushes and faucet/shower noise were also very loud.According to front desk, those were the only two available rooms with double beds. I've a feeling they were just holding out on the better rooms for those who paid a better rate. One extremely weird thing about the bathroom was that there were no towel racks for hand towels and the like so we didn't know where to put towels we were using. We paid 139 on the Sheraton website. reasonable considering the area. If I paid more than that, I would have been extremely irked, to say the least. However, if you can get Westin for 30 dollars more max. Would strongly recommend that hotel instead. 
Well we liked it..... We have just returned from a 6 night break in Boston where we stayed at the massive Sheraton Hotel in the Back Bay area.On arrival we were immediately upgraded to a club level room in the North Tower (a perk of flying with Virgin Holidays). This room was huge with a fantastic view of the city, robes, bottled water, chocolates on the bed and best of all the seriously comfortable Sheraton Sleeper Bed.The bathroom didn't quite match the size of the room but it was adequate, and we couldn't fault the number of towels given to us daily.As mention by other reviewers the hotel is linked the the Prudential Center, with lots of shops and restaurants and also the Prudential T Stop, so there is no need to go outside. It is about a 10min T ride into Park Street where the Freedom Trail begins and where most of the tourist attractions are situated. The hotel is also located about 10mins walk from Fenway Park if you are interested in doing the tour of the park or just browsing the club shop.The Sheraton staff were extremely friendly, always willing to point us in the right direction. One major bonus was being able to lengthen our check out time to 2pm (from midday) which helped us with our plans on the final day.We loved Boston and would love to go back. The Sheraton was in an ideal location with many bars and restaurants in close proximity, and also just a short t ride to the main shopping areas.I wouldn't hesitate to return to this hotel next time we are in Boston. 
Great location We traveled with our four year old and two year old. So, we are picky about where we stay. Great location. We visited in the winter so the indoor walkway to the mall and restuarants definitely was a big help! We like the hotel. However, we did not find the staff helpful. Our son got sick in the middle of the night and the staff could not locate the nearest 24 hour pharmacy for us. My husband ended up driving to the other side of town only to find out later that the 24 hour pharmacy was within 1 mile of the hotel! 
friendly staff, great atmosphere I had a very pleasant stay at the Sheraton Boston. Everything pretty much was as expected of an elite downtown property. The following things stood out as outstanding:1. The bed. I had a great sleep in a firm bed with luxurious bedding. I'm making a note to find out how I can steal one to bring home.2. The staff. The front desk people were very professional and pleasant to deal with. As a road warrior (and a bit of a jerk sometimes) I tend to mess with hotel staff to see what I can get away with. These people were great. I didn't get away with anything, but I didn't feel like I lost the battle for amenities either. 3. The atmosphere. This place was like a business party. I got the feeling the moment I walked in the door that there was a LOT of work getting done here. The lobby seemed to be overrun with upbeat, casual professionals smelling of success. The feeling must have been contagious, as I soon closed my own sale at the lobby bar. 
Too expensive, small rooms For the prices you are paying and the age of the hotel (relatively new), you would think the rooms would be bigger. The doors to enter the rooms look very narrow and it is echoed in the size of the room. The hotel is at the end of the walkway - I always seem to be walking to a location that is too far to walk and to close to take a cab.The service is OK, but nothing great. I had to wait over an hour for a lobster roll sandwich for room service!As another reviewer mentioned, consider the Westin that is about 6 blocks away. It is much nicer. 
Excellent Choice After reading some reviews on this site I was a little apprehensive of arriving at the Sheraton in Boston.Why worry, some people do get duff deals but I can not complain.We were upgraded to a suite by our travel company (Virgin), it was on the 25th floor and looked inward over the pool but to the sides you could see the harbor. The room was clean with a huge bed and in the adjoining sitting room a large desk and sofa. Yes the bath room was small but there was plenty of room and mirrors to do hair etc in other areas. All the staff were very pleasant.Esspecially the bar staff in the Turning Point Lounge, Linda and Robert, 1 vist and they new the drinks we would order.Only two troublesome times and they were fire alarms one at 6.30 am not good but we never had to leave our rooms and at least we new what to do by the second alarm.The hotel is situated in Back bay very near all the shops you could need. Even when it rained you could go to the adjacent Prudential Centre then on to the Copley Plaza shoping mall.The hotel can be busy with conference types but the hotel increased the staff on the bar ( they said it was 100% full) if it was we still felt as though we had plenty of space for us on holiday.Boston is a beatiful city it has taken me 6 years to get there and it was worth the wait we may even go back for xmas and yes I would stay at the Sheraton again.I can not belive some folkes found problems, I have high standard with American Hotels and I was not disappointed. 
Okay, but seriously overpriced Good points: yes, the beds were comfortable. But the rooms were small, and the staff mostly unhelpful: I've gotten better service in backpacker hostels.We were encouraged to tip the maids every day, but at the ridiculous prices this place charged, surely they could afford to pay their own people?An okay place to sleep, yes: value for money, no way. 
Not For Me The bathroom was so small I bumped into myself! The bedroom was fine, but the hall carpeting was filthy. Additionally, the rooms are not restful as you can hear doors slamming at all hours. Even though my room was at the far end of the hall, I actually heard the elevator counter-weights moving up and down all night through the a/c vent! I left and checked into the Marriott Copley Place and had a much, much better experience. 
If it has to be Starwood, pick the Westin Location adjacent to upscale mall and can be reached directly via subway from airport ($1.25)without going outdoors. As SPG Gold, I was upgraded from small double bed room to large non-smoking king room on SPG floor with great view. Initially was given a key to a different room on the same floor that was still occupied with belongings in it and smelled of smoke on a no-smoking floor. Was offered 5000 SPG points to make up for the inconvenience. Only 2 useable outlets in room - had to unplug lamp to use PC on desk and had to plug in behind mattress to use while resting in bed. Ethernet outlet for broadband in most remote corner of room by far window; self-provided 25 foot cord just reached to bed. No safe in room, no robe, no shower cap, no fridge or minibar. Stains on armchair in room. Heavy curtains do not close, so only sheers to preserve your modesty from adjacent skyscraper tenants if you're in room at night with lights on. Had misfortune to be in adjoining room to people who became noisy at 3am; walls paper-thin. Room was $30 more pre-tax and incidentals than comparable room at nearby Westin. 
Loved this Hotel Came to Boston from England for a week with my sister, and we were not disappointed when we checked in. This Sheraton is lovely from the lobby to the lifts to the room which over looked the pool. Had a great time, room was always tidy and cleaned early, this is a hotel that I would definately return to, the location was also ideal for shopping.Only one bad point there was a conference on at the same time which made the hotel busy and over populated but this didn't effect our stay. 
Don't plan your convention stay here! We just returned from the Democratic Convention. Granted, a convention week is prone to some gouging, but this was ridiculous! To begin with the room was indeed small, the bathroom so small it was difficult to close the door without falling over the toilet! And forget counter space for toiletries. It was clean, however there were no amenities to speak of for the price we were paying. This room normally rents for 150.00 per night however the delegate special rate was a whopping $259 per night! It was impossible to get a drink at the bar (at $10+ each) in the evening after returning from our event. The bartenders and waiters virtually ignored us until it was 1:30 when they curtly told us the bar was closed...and forget eating...you would assume that after the throngs returned after the first night at 12:30 clamoring for food the hotel would recognize the need to accommodate its guests by keeping the kitchen open past the customary 12 pm, but not so. So every evening we were told to go to our rooms and order room service if we wanted food. Room service then informed us there was a one to two hour wait--who needs a salad at 3am? Would I stay at this Sheraton again--not likely! 
Hated it! I booked a room over the phone for my dad to come up to visit for a weekend. I was assured a certain rate over the phone and was given a confirmation number. When we went to check him in, the front desk clerk informed us that we did not have that rate and in fact were booked in at a MUCH higher rate. We tried to tell him about the reservation over the phone and asked to speak to management. After looking for management for about 20 minutes, he informed us that all managers were in a meeting and he could not bother them. He also could not authorize a rate change to what we had been promised over the phone. He asked us to come back in a few hours to check in if we wanted to speak to a manager. Eventually after a lot of arguing he changed the rate on his own without a managers approval. It was a huge waste of time and I would NEVER stay there or have someone else stay there again. 
Avoid disappointment The best thing about the hotel is the location, which is wonderful, especially if you are in Boston during less than perfect weather. You can access all sorts of pastimes without leaving the enclosed shopping area or subway connection. Unfortunately, the worst thing about the Sheraton is the accommodations, which are not rated 4-stars by anyone except Priceline (who claims the Sheraton told them it was 4 stars so, gee, it must be so). Though the hotel boasts that it has invested millions of dollars in renovations over the last few years, those millions clearly went towards bringing the public and meeting areas up to par for a convention-oriented hotel, not towards improving the rooms themselves. It took multiple attempts and over an hour to get a set of room keys that worked. The bathrooms are the smallest I have ever seen in any hotel in the US, much less a 4-star one, and they could use some serious cleaning. The sounds of toilets flushing in other rooms were so startlingly loud that you would swear the racket was coming from your own bathroom. To the Sheraton's credit, we complained and were moved from the 10th floor to the 28th floor- same size room and still a tiny bathroom but less toilet noise and better ventilation. Plus, the fabulous view helped compensate for the unfabulous bathroom. So the bottom line is that if you can get the room for $100, you will probably be willing to overlook the deficiencies because of the superior location. If you pay more than that, just be sure not to expect a true 4-star hotel or the disappointment may ruin your vacation. 
Never again I waited too long to make hotel reservations for the Macworld 2004 Boston conference because I wasn't sure I was going to attend. Big mistake. The room on the 5th floor in the North Tower (the recommended South Tower was full) was claustrophobic. My husband and I could not walk without being in each others way.There were not enough outlets. I had to choose between having light or plugging in my laptop. The coffee pot was in the bathroom, but there was no place to plug it in because the cord wouldn't reach the outlet in the bathroom and there was not an outlet to spare anywhere else. We saw (and killed) the biggest cockroach either of us had ever seen! It was the size of a large grasshopper! I was screaming hysterically until my husband managed to kill it. It had wings, too... I didn't sleep very well after that, and that was our first night there...We called room service once for a snack of Buffalo wings with carrots, celery, and dip. The 6 wings were undercooked, pink, and soggy. Three tiny carrot sticks, three tiny, sliced thinly, celery slices (not even a whole stick). The vegetables and dip were hot. It was disgusting and they charged us $13.69 for it, all total - not including the tip. The bathroom was horrid. Very small. The hair dryer was dirty, covered with human hair, fingerprints, and the intake vent was clogged with dust. It was lying on the counter - not wall mounted. The bathroom fan was not working. The toilet was an industrial type, like those found in highway rest areas. Noisy and needed to be flushed 3 times after every use, at least.The view out of our 5th floor window was of a brick wall as far as you could see. Up, down, left, or right.Did I say that they charged us $309 per night for this room? No in-room safe.No refrigerator or snack/drink bar in room, but they did bring us a refrigerator upon request. That was when we spotted the huge cockroach.The room was so small that there was no space to open a suitcase except on the bed. Room service tray could only go on the bed. No other place to put it.It has a good location, but there are many other hotels in the area where someone could stay.Oh, there were stains on the carpets and dust on the drapes. Dirty grout in the bathroom. Bathroom counter (where the coffee pot is) is stained and pitted. Bathroom ceiling had hair and fingerprints on it.Upon reviewing my final bill, I discovered I had been double charged for each day of my visit for the high-speed internet connection. So the quick checkout was impossible. I had to wait in line to check out in order to get their mistake corrected. The girl who waited on me was rude, talking to another employee while I was trying to talk to her, and did not even apologize for overcharging me. She acted as though I was nothing but an annoyance to her, even though I was very polite.We would never stay there again. I expect much better for $309 a night. They didn't even provide me with a shower cap... I've stayed in cheap motel rooms that were cleaner. 
Great Stay at the Sheraton Boston WOW, we really enjoyed the Sheraton Boston. Such a convenient location, awesome indoor/outdoor pool and fitness center, nice lounge with the big screen, connected to a huge mall area. This has all the conveniences of life. The room was pretty average, but very clean and comfortable, bed was very cozy. You pay for location and amenities and the Sheraton has it all. Unless you are looking for a Ritz Carlton type experience, the Sheraton is more than sufficient. Highly recommend the Duck Tour, boat tours from the Wharf, public gardens, public library and the many fine small restaurants near the hotel. Of course, a lobster from Legal Seafood is a must (located in mall connected to the Sheraton). We would definitely stay here again. 
A great 5 days !! I took my family with 3 small children. The pool is huge! The kids loved it. I enjoyed swimming in the lanes for adults only. The Back Bay area of Boston is beautiful. Fenway is only a 10 minute walk, and you are connected to the Prudential Mall. This was great because we could eat in the food court, and then return to the room or leave on a tour. A grocery store is also connected to the hotel (Shaws).There is a Catholic Church in the mall that has daily mass. The room was decent, although somewhat outdated. Parking is $35 a night with valet. You can't park yourself as you will be charged each time you leave. The Fenway Park Tour is good ($10), and the Duck Tour. 
good hotel The Sheraton was a good hotel to stay at. I will stay again next year when we go back to Boston.We booked a room in the south tower because of reading this site. The room was fine and the location was great. The only negative was that the shower/tub needed to be updated.  
Sheraton is nice for special events. Spent an anniversary weekend at the Sheraton. Good downtown location, convenient to major shopping plazas, restaurants, public transit, art galleries, and theatres. Front desk staff very helpful, even when busy. We were able to get a decent room with a nice view of the Boston/ Cambridge area. The Hotel's Starbucks coffee shop does NOT accept Starbucks convenience card. PLEASE NOTE: If you are a member of the SHERATON or STARWOOD points program and you make your reservation through HOTWIRE or PRICELINE or ORBITZ, YOU WILL BE DENIED MILAGE POINTS, VIP priviliges, [ including later check-out] and honors room assignments. If I got the points, and the later check-out, I would have rated them higher. 
Good location Great location at Copley Place, plenty of restaurants  shops close by. Rooms were adequate, above average.  
Overall, enjoyed the stay The good: Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The housekeeping staff was friendly and efficient. Both the day and night concierges were polite and helpful, which is a departure from the snooty concierges I've encountered elsewhere. The hotel is connected to lots of shopping and the subway -- very convenient. Easy check-in and check-out. In-room coffee/tea and newspaper was a nice way to start the day. Good air-conditioning.The bad: Being connected to a convention center, the hotel hallways tend to be a bit noisy overnight as businesspeople party hard with company money. Would like to see more reasonable dining options in the hotel. Most of the time there were long waits for the elevators. Could use a few more signs for navigating around.The ugly: Those turbo-toilets work great, but oh, the noise!! Seems like you can hear every toilet in the hotel ... not the case, of course, but it's enough to jolt you out of your sleep. Loud, loud, loud! 
Loved the Sheraton!!!! We stayed at this hotel for three nights over at the start of April. We booked with Trailfinders in the Uk and paid around 80 GPB for each room per night. Because we stayed for three nights we got upgraded to a suite. This was very nice. We got to the hotel around midnight and found many staff still working as well as the hotel being bright and airy. Suitably impressed withthe Starbucks in the hotel lobby, which gives you free wireless internet!Rooms or suites should I say were large and spacious, while bathroom was a little rough around the edges. Internet access available in the room for an extra $9 per 24 hours. Which for us europeans was very reasonable. The hotel was also connected to the Prudential Center and then as well to Copley Place Mall. Also short walk to all amentities. Taxis waiting by the tens outside of the hotel.Overall thought this hotel was great, very central, clean and the Sheraton Sleeper Bed was amazing!!!!! Recommend this hotel 100% 
Nice place if you get a good deal! My wife, toddler son and I stayed here overnight during the Christmas season, at a very reasonable Sheraton website promotional $99 a night rate. We were booked into a large corner king room on the 22nd floor with a great view! We were very pleasantly surprised as it gave our son lots of room to run around. The restaurant was ok, the seating host was a bit snooty and kind of clueless as he sat us in a bench/table seat along the wall (which is shared by other guests and makes putting in a high chair difficult - yes we did ask to be moved!!!) but the waiter gave us very good service and the buffet breakfast was very delicious. The hotel was beautifully decorated for the holiday and my wife thought it was fabulous that the shopping center was so close. We would definitely stay here again. PS Newbury Street is within easy walking distance. 
Bring Your Wallet In a city crowded with $200+ hotels you might expect the Sheraton to try to do everything they can to fulfill the 'Sheraton Promise' but while the tiny room was clean it was tough to get excited about paying $6 per day to use the broken equipment in the gym (seriously - I stay 80 nights a year at hotels and I've never seen that), $20 for the communication package (free local, toll long distance, but you know, you DO get voicemail) etc etc. This hotel didn't know when to quit making money on the 'extra's'. I know it sounds trivial but that's kind of the point... 
Great Hotel in a Great Location We have stayed at the Sheraton Boston Hotel several times. The first time we stayed, our bathroom was unsatisfactory and we complained to the manager. They remedied the situation to our satisfaction. The location is the greatest. Step out of the front door and you are in Boston's beautiful Back Bay area. You can walk to Newbury Street with its beautiful shops and fine restaurants. The hotel bills itself as the largest in New England, undoubtedly, because it is attached to the Prudential Center Mall and Hynes Convention Center. If you are in the mood for some exercise, you can walk to the Boston Commons and Faneuil Hall in less than one half hour. This is an ideal hotel if you are the parent of a Berklee College of Music student. We got a great rate on Expedia but will try priceline next. Boston is one of the greatest cities in the world. Have fun! 
disappointing this is the second time we have stayed here ( the first was last april - the marathon weekend) this time it was for three nights - monday to wednesday 16h - 19th feb we were a party of three ( my husband, myself and nine year old son) and had spent three nights at the fabulous sofitel in new york before flying to boston for the end of our holiday i was not too thrilled when priceline allocated me this hotel - i didn't remember it in the same way as i remembered boston's westin copley place or even the wyndham - but it was booked and we stayed the room was okay but the bathroom was so TINY - i mean REALLY TINY room service was okay - my son likes to try it out wherever he goes and the coffee maker in the room was a bonus (although the coffee ordered from room service was quite expensive and not terribly hot) the worst thing though was the breakfast buffet - it says outside the restaurant and on the menus that eggs will be cooked anyway you want as part of the buffet - my husband wanted an omelette - not so said the waiter - that'll be a la carte. next day i checked the menu again but the waiter (same one) said - a la carte - we then waited more than ten minutes for our eggs breakfast is an important meal to us on holiday and we were disappointed with the quality and service of the breakfast offered i mentioned this at the service desk - sheraton has a policy tell us what is wrong, etc and we'll put it right - well the receptionist did not seem interestedi would not recommend this hotel - it is one of the least satisfactory that i have stayed at in the US and we travel there often (always for leisure) three or four times in a year, with boston and new york being late winter and autumn favourites - i don't know if i will trust to fate again with priceline when booking boston - perhaps i'll try hotwire by the way we paid ?60+ taxes etc for a night - far more than the reviewer who paid $50 - that would have been a much fairer price 
Absolutely wonderful hotel in Boston!!! We stayed at the Sheraton after bidding on priceline for the hotel. We received it for about $50, well under the $300 a night it was going for at the time!!!The hotel has a great location!!! You can't beat it!The mattresses are heavenly!!!! Service is top notch!We would definately stay here again!!! 
Keeps Me Coming Back... The Sheraton is a lovely, efficient hotel in the heart of some of Boston's prime activities. It has style and quiet elegance, and the service is efficient and friendly. I'm an extremely selective when it comes to hotel rooms, but this hotel keeps me coming back at least once a year for both a business convention and short escape. Being a Starwood preferred guest, we can check-in at the SPG desk, which avoids the sometimes long lines at other desks. Refrigerators (large counter height ones)  extra bedding, duvets, and supplies can be ordered free of charge, and they'll upgrade your room whenever possible. Early check-in is available at 2pm, and late check-out is available at two pm, sometimes later. Soda and ice machines are situated on each floor. Pets are allowed in the hotel at no additional fee. I recommend getting a room in the north tower whenever possible - it is closer to both the garage and mall, and seems to have a nicer atmosphere. Be careful with the elevators - make sure you know which tower you're in, and that you're aware some of them go directly to the garage, while others' last stop is the lobby. An escalator is the easiest way to travel from the lobby to the 2nd floor, which connects with the mall. Also, I recommend asking for a mini-suite if travelling for an extended period or with more than one person - we upgraded to one for just $50 more per night on our stay this January, and it was well worth the cost! It included one large bedroom, one large sitting room (each with their own tvs and seating) and a large hallway which could also be considered an additional room, a spacious closet, and a bathroom. The only complaint I had in regards to this hotel is the bathrooms - they really need some re-doing! They aren't hideous, but the tubs are old and cracking, there are no fans, and they just appear dated. However, I believe I heard they will soon be starting to renovate all of them. I had no problem with plumming (industrial toilets were very efficient) nor any problems with water temperatures or drains clogging. Each room (or in the case of a mini-suite, each side of the room) has its own easy to use thermostat for maximum comfort. We stayed during some of the coldest temperatures of the season (well below zero at night) and had no problems with feeling chilled, nor too stuffy. The views are excellent from everywhere - bring your binoculars. The hotel offers complimentary paper and has dining in the lobby. The pool and jacuzzi are undergoing a renovation this year, but is large and has an attractive domed ceiling. A sundeck is open seasonally. There is also a fitness center avail to hotel guests. Parking is pricey in Prudential Center's garage, at $36 for 24 hours, but you can park in the guarded lot at the Fitz Inn across the street for $16 for 24 hours. Location is a major attractive feature of this hotel - you can accomplish most of your recreational and business needs without ever setting foot outdoors! The Sheraton is attached to the Hynes Convention Center, the Prudential Center which includes the observatory, a multitude of restaurants of all types (from fancy to fast food), business centers, banks, a (very efficient) post office, and the observatory. It is also attached to the Marriot Hotel, which is attached by glass again to the Copley Place shopping center. Here more stores, restaurants, and a movie theater is available. There are always a ton of cabs available along Huntington Avenue, or you can take the T (green line - Prudential or Copley) or (orange line - Back Bay, if you feel like doing some walking.) Overall it's a nice hotel with good service and great values, and the very best location! Booking a room online can save you a bundle! 
Expected much better We reserved a Club floor King as a Platinum Starwood Preferred member, which supposedly entitled us to be upgraded and resonable treatment. We arrived late due to a delayed flight and there were no bellperson available to help with luggage. We were given a room key to a closet. There was literally not room to walk around the bed much less have suitcases in the room. After much back and forth we were changed to a King suite on a non club floor. The Club breakfast was dried out at 9AM and dirty dishes were all over, some staying on tables for forty minutes. On the positive side, the service and personnel in the bar/lounge area was very nice. We won't stay there again even though the location is great. 
Nice Place The room was nice/clean. The location was great-connected to the mall. The lobby was a bit congested and loud. 
Great Hotel/Location I got a great rate on priceline for this hotel. Because I am a frequent Starwood (Shertaon Hotel Chain) guest, we were assigned a room in the North Tower for the Starwood Preferred Guests. The hallways don't look in very good shape, but the room was large, clean, and very comfortable.The hotel is well situated. You can eat in the Prudential Center mall at the Au Bon Pan or the Marche for breakfast. Much cheaper than in the hotel. Plus, the mall has Legal Seafoods--one of the besst seafood restaurants in Boston.You can get to the T (Prudential Center) stop without going outside.The Upscale shops on Boylston is very close and the Boston Common is about one mile walk if you don't want to take the T.I would stay there again at twice the price. 
Good location ! We stayed in this hotel on Aug. 23-25 and Sept. 6-7 again due to some business. The first time we stayed in the North Tower with 2 double beds. The room is very nice and the washroom is a bit old. We asked for the south tower the second time after seeing the other's comments on tripadvisor. Again we have 2 double beds and the room is a bit larger that the one in North tower. The bathroom is new except the bathtub and the wall tile. (They must want to save money by renovating only half of the bathroom). Overall, the north tower has nicer elevator and hallways, but the size of the room can vary. It is a nice hotel at a good location. 
nice hotel cons: parking is pricey (separate from hotel). service is typical of huge convention style hotel. pool/fitness center requires fee and looks pretty crowded.pros: good location. right next to big mall with nice stores and food. walking distance to Newbury street (great stores, and food - high end). very close to Charles R., and MIT/Harvard - good for a morning jog from the hotel)! decent expedia pricing.quilt and linens were new, but room itself had a dated look. 1King room itself is quite large. definitely a high usage place as nothing is really super-clean. 
One of the worst I stayed at this hotel for a conference in June 03. The first room I got, which was tiny, had a broken toilet. When I attempted to call the front desk I discovered the phones didn't work! The second room I got still had problems. The cold-water faucet in the bathroom sink didn't work, the towel rack in the bathroom had fallen off the wall and was lying on the floor under the sink, there were suspicious stains on the comforter, all the channels on the TV were fuzzy and the Internet connection was flaky (they actually tried to bill me for service I didn't use). The service staff was slow to respond and down right rude in some cases. Finally it's been two months and they won't credit me the airline miles for my stay. This was one of the worst hotels Ive ever had the misfortune to stay at. 
Very good! After escaping another hotel in Boston we stayed at the Sheraton in late July 2003 and were very pleased. Location is excellent, huge but with all amenities. Great view from rooms further up and very big rooms either. Ask for the South Tower, is has recently been renovated in contrast to the North Tower. Friendly staff made it also a pleasure. However, parking costs are extremely high, 35$ for vallet, still 21$ for 24 hours self parking in the building across the street. 
Sheraton a Convenient Choice for Stayed at Boston Sheraton 7/19-7/26. Beds were heavenly, rooms clean, staff friendly. Location is safe and very convenient. Hotel connects indoors with Hynes Conv. Ctr. and Prudential Mall--which incidentally has a Legal Seafoods (recommended), Duck tour booth and a Visitors' Ctr. booth where you can buy T-passes (subway). T-stop is just around the block. Large Shaw's Food Store is close by, tony shops and restaurants of Newbury Street are out the back door of mall. Library, Trinity Church (awesome), Duck Tour stop, Pru Skywalk, Bostix outlet are w/in easy walking distance. Staff was very accomodating, esp. concierge desk which arranged several tour destinations for us. BEWARE: you are charged $2.10 for every time you use the room phone to call out, regardless of whether the line is busy, whether you use a calling card, etc. Parking is $35/24 hours. I would certainly stay at the Sheraton again, but I would be more careful about making calls and I would not breakfast in the hotel restaurant again because I thought $24+ tip for two bowls of cold cereal with milk and a muffin is a bit excessive. There are better breakfast alternatives (like Au Bon Pain) in the mall. 
Great Stay at the Sheraton Boston I stayed at the Sheraton Boston for a week, about 2 weeks ago. My stay could not have been better. The hotel is connected to the Prudential Mall, which has the Cheesecake Factory, Legal Seafoods, Boston Duck Tours right within walking distance. If its not, the train stations are everywhere around the hotel. Very convientent. My room had very nice, matching decor. The view of Boston and the Charles River from my window was beyond belief. Bed was super comfortable. They also had a decent pool, whirlpool, and a sunbathing area. My only negative remark was the ugly hallways leading to the rooms, but since my room was amazing, it made up for the hallways. Overall, I would love to stay here again. 
Great Beds!! Some girlfriends and I stayed at the sheraton for a weekend trip in june 2003. We paid quite a bit for the room, (179CDN$/per night). We had a standard room, on the 8th fl. First impression of the room was that it was typical of what you would expect for a sheraton name and price. The two double beds were absolutely the best thing in the room. Soft, mattress and pillows. the beds were definately of quality to 4-5 star hotel. very nice. The worse thing had to be the bathroom. It was relatively clean, but a little old looking. There was some old water stains/mold on the ceiling and the tub had a small leak. The odd thing was that they placed the complimentary coffee/tea maker with the cups in the bathroom? None of us wanted to drink from it. There was no in room safe. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. we never saw the hotel maid, but the concierge was very helpful. didn't get a chance to use the pool. Unfortunately it closes at night .We tried to get a midnight swim in (actually 2:00am ) but it was closed. Parking here is very $$$ . Location was good. Far from the marketplace, but it's very close to the subway. It's also close to landsdowne area (nightclubs). Would stay there again if i i found a better price. 
buen hotel de trabajo       boston desde la 2459 